---
title: "Acknowledgements 2015"
date: 2022-03-14T08:38:44-04:00
layout: "acknowledgements"
---

**ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 2015**

The AGU journals 'Space Weather', 'Journal of Geophysical Research/Space
Physics', 'Geophysical Research Letters', and 'Radio Science' were
searched for acknowledgments of services developed and supported by
NASA/Goddard's Space Physics Data Facility (SPDF).

*Keywords searched and the number of occurrences across all four
journals:*

OMNI and/or OMNIWeb were referenced in 225 papers\
 CDAWeb was referenced in 133 papers\
 Space Physics Data Facility and/or SPDF was referenced in 98 papers\
 SPDF-FTP was referenced in 28 papers\
 SSCWeb or TIPSOD was referenced in 5 papers\
 COHOWeb and/or ATMOweb/ftpbrowser was referenced in 6 papers\
 VITMO-models was referenced in 35 papers\
 NSSDC was referenced in 12 papers\

       Journal    Total number     Number of papers      Percentage
                    of papers     with acknowledgment        
       SW              63               18                 28.6 %
       JGR            732              251                 34.3 %
       GRL           1211(all areas)    52                 
       RS              99                7                  7.1 %

Science Enabled Research Papers in [Space Weather
journal](http://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/agu/journal/10.1002/%28ISSN%291542-7390/)
for 2015\

​1. Title=Assessing predictive ability of three auroral precipitation
models using DMSP energy flux\
 Authors=Cory Lane Ariel Acebal Yihua Zheng\
 article=2014SW001085; doi=10.1002/2014SW001085; pubdate=20 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI2\

​2. Title=Probabilistic forecasting analysis of geomagnetic indices for
southward IMF events\
 Authors=X.-Y. Zhang M. B. Moldwin\
 article=2014SW001113; doi=10.1002/2014SW001113; pubdate=4 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\

​3. Title=On the role played by magnetic expansion factor in the
prediction of solar wind speed\
 Authors=Pete Riley Jon A. Linker C. Nick Arge\
 article=2014SW001144; doi=10.1002/2014SW001144; pubdate=12 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: COHOWeb,

​4. Title=Extreme relativistic electron fluxes at geosynchronous orbit:
Analysis of GOES E %3E 2 MeV electrons\
 Authors=Nigel P. Meredith Richard B. Horne John D. Isles Juan V.
Rodriguez\
 article=2014SW001143; doi=10.1002/2014SW001143; pubdate=16 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: SSCWeb, OMNIWeb, NSSDC\

​5. Title=An empirical model of electron and ion fluxes derived from
observations at geosynchronous orbit\
 Authors=M. H. Denton M. F. Thomsen V. K. Jordanova M. G. Henderson J.
E. Borovsky J. S. Denton D. Pitchford D. P. Hartley\
 article=2015SW001168; doi=10.1002/2015SW001168; pubdate=18 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\

​6. Title=Recent DMSP Data Unavailable From NOAA\
 Authors=W. F. Denig R. J. Redmon W. Rowland\
 article=2015SW001194; doi=10.1002/2015SW001194; pubdate=12 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 7. Title=Validation for solar wind prediction at Earth: Comparison of
coronal and heliospheric models installed at the CCMC\
 Authors=L. K. Jian P. J. MacNeice A. Taktakishvili D. Odstrcil B.
Jackson H.-S. Yu P. Riley I. V. Sokolov R. M. Evans\
 article=2015SW001174; doi=10.1002/2015SW001174; pubdate=27 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\

​8. Title=Modeling Chinese ionospheric layer parameters based on EOF
analysis\
 Authors=You Yu Weixing Wan Bo Xiong Zhipeng Ren Biqiang Zhao Yun Zhang
Baiqi Ning Libo Liu\
 article=2014SW001159; doi=10.1002/2014SW001159; pubdate=27 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: NSSDCFTP, NSSDC, IRI-2000, IRI-2001, IRI-2007\
 \
 9. Title=No Major Solar Flares but the Largest Geomagnetic Storm in the
Present Solar Cycle\
 Authors=Y. Kamide K. Kusano\
 article=2015SW001213; doi=10.1002/2015SW001213; pubdate=15 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 Sample usage= study were provided by the CDAWeb\
 \
 10. Title=Predicting the magnetic vectors within coronal mass ejections
arriving at Earth: 1. Initial architecture\
 Authors=N. P. Savani A. Vourlidas A. Szabo M. L. Mays I. G. Richardson
B. J. Thompson A. Pulkkinen R. Evans T. Nieves-Chinchilla\
 article=2015SW001171; doi=10.1002/2015SW001171; pubdate=9 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 11. Title=Using Polar-orbiting Environmental Satellite data to specify
the radiation environment up to 1200 km altitude\
 Authors=T. P. O'Brien J. E. Mazur T. B. Guild M. D. Looper\
 article=2015SW001166; doi=10.1002/2015SW001166; pubdate=4 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 12. Title=Space weather conditions during the Galaxy 15 spacecraft
anomaly\
 Authors=T. M. Loto\\'aniu H. J. Singer J. V. Rodriguez J. Green W.
Denig D. Biesecker V. Angelopoulos\
 article=2015SW001239; doi=10.1002/2015SW001239; pubdate=10 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 13. Title=Dynamics of the high-latitude ionospheric irregularities
during the 17 March 2015 St. Patrick's Day storm: Ground-based GPS
measurements\
 Authors=Iurii Cherniak Irina Zakharenkova Robert J. Redmon\
 article=2015SW001237; doi=10.1002/2015SW001237; pubdate=25 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility, CGM
Modelweb\
 \
 14. Title=GIC due to storm sudden commencement in low-latitude
high-voltage power network in China: Observation and simulation\
 Authors=J. J. Zhang C. Wang T. R. Sun C. M. Liu K. R. Wang\
 article=2015SW001263; doi=10.1002/2015SW001263; pubdate=3 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 15. Title=Automatic analysis of double coronal mass ejections from
coronagraph images\
 Authors=Matthew Jacobs Lin-Ching Chang Antti Pulkkinen Michelangelo
Romano\
 article=2015SW001260; doi=10.1002/2015SW001260; pubdate=17 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: FTPBrowser\
 \
 16. Title=Short-term variation of cosmic radiation measured by aircraft
under constant flight conditions\
 Authors=Jaejin Lee Uk-Won Nam Jeonghyun Pyo Sunghwan Kim Yong-Jun Kwon
Jaewon Lee Inchun Park Myung-Hee Y. Kim Tsventan P. Dachev\
 article=2015SW001288; doi=10.1002/2015SW001288; pubdate=21 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: ModelWeb\
 \
 17. Title=Prediction of MeV electron fluxes throughout the outer
radiation belt using multivariate autoregressive models\
 Authors=Kaori Sakaguchi Tsutomu Nagatsuma Geoffrey D. Reeves Harlan E.
Spence\
 article=2015SW001254; doi=10.1002/2015SW001254; pubdate=22 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility, AE-8\
 \
 18. Title=Assessing the performance of community-available global MHD
models using key system parameters and empirical relationships\
 Authors=E. Gordeev V. Sergeev I. Honkonen M. Kuznetsova L. Rastatter M.
Palmroth P. Janhunen G. Toth J. Lyon M. Wiltberger\
 article=2015SW001307; doi=10.1002/2015SW001307; pubdate=23 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI,\

**Science Enabled Research Papers in [Journal of Geophysical Research /
Space
Physics](http://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/agu/jgr/journal/10.1002/%28ISSN%292169-9402/)for
2015**

​1. Title=Effects of two large solar energetic particle events on middle
atmosphere nighttime odd hydrogen and ozone content: Aura%2FMLS and
TIMED%2FSABER measurements\
 Authors=O. P. Verkhoglyadova S. Wang M. G. Mlynczak L. A. Hunt G. P.
Zank\
 article=2014JA020609; doi=10.1002/2014JA020609; pubdate=13 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 2. Title=Detection of small-scale folds at a solar wind reconnection
exhaust\
 Authors=R. Mistry J. P. Eastwood H. Hietala\
 article=2014JA020465; doi=10.1002/2014JA020465; pubdate=19 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 3. Title=Statistical study of magnetic cloud erosion by magnetic
reconnection\
 Authors=A. Ruffenach B. Lavraud C. J. Farrugia P. Demoulin S. Dasso M.
J. Owens J.-A. Sauvaud A. P. Rouillard A. Lynnyk C. Foullon N. P. Savani
J. G. Luhmann A. B. Galvin\
 article=2014JA020628; doi=10.1002/2014JA020628; pubdate=22 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 4. Title=A new four-plasma categorization scheme for the solar wind\
 Authors=Fei Xu Joseph E. Borovsky\
 article=2014JA020412; doi=10.1002/2014JA020412; pubdate=29 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI2, CCMC\
 \
 5. Title=Magnetospheric boundary perturbations on MHD and kinetic
scales\
 Authors=S-H Chen G Le M-C Fok\
 article=2014JA020141; doi=10.1002/2014JA020141; pubdate=8 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 6. Title=Responses of different ion species to fast plasma flows and
local dipolarization in the plasma sheet\
 Authors=S. Ohtani M. Nose Y. Miyashita A. T. Y. Lui\
 article=2014JA020517; doi=10.1002/2014JA020517; pubdate=15 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 7. Title=Magnetic mapping effects of substorm currents leading to
auroral poleward expansion and equatorward retreat\
 Authors=Xiangning Chu Robert L. McPherron Tung-Shin Hsu Vassilis
Angelopoulos Zuyin Pu Zhonghua Yao Hui Zhang Martin Connors\
 article=2014JA020596; doi=10.1002/2014JA020596; pubdate=19 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, NSSDC\
 \
 8. Title=Predominance of ECH wave contribution to diffuse aurora in
Earth\\'s outer magnetosphere\
 Authors=Xiao-Jia Zhang Vassilis Angelopoulos Binbin Ni Richard M.
Thorne\
 article=2014JA020455; doi=10.1002/2014JA020455; pubdate=20 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 9. Title=Statistical analysis of the geomagnetic response to different
solar wind drivers and the dependence on storm intensity\
 Authors=R. M. Katus M. W. Liemohn E. L. Ionides R. Ilie D. Welling L.
K. Sarno-Smith\
 article=2014JA020712; doi=10.1002/2014JA020712; pubdate=22 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 10. Title=Upstream proton cyclotron waves at Venus near solar maximum\
 Authors=M. Delva C. Bertucci M. Volwerk R. Lundin C. Mazelle N.
Romanelli\
 article=2014JA020318; doi=10.1002/2014JA020318; pubdate=22 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 11. Title=TWINS stereoscopic imaging of multiple peaks in the ring
current\
 Authors=J. D. Perez J. Goldstein D. J. McComas P. Valek N. Buzulukova
M.-C. Fok H. J. Singer\
 article=2014JA020662; doi=10.1002/2014JA020662; pubdate=23 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 12. Title=Plasmaspheric hiss properties: Observations from Polar\
 Authors=Bruce T. Tsurutani Barbara J. Falkowski Jolene S. Pickett
Ondrej Santolik Gurbax S. Lakhina\
 article=2014JA020518; doi=10.1002/2014JA020518; pubdate=27 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 13. Title=ULF wave electromagnetic energy flux into the ionosphere:
Joule heating implications\
 Authors=M. D. Hartinger M. B. Moldwin S. Zou J. W. Bonnell V.
Angelopoulos\
 article=2014JA020129; doi=10.1002/2014JA020129; pubdate=29 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 14. Title=Externally driven plasmaspheric ULF waves observed by the Van
Allen Probes\
 Authors=Kazue Takahashi Richard E. Denton William Kurth Craig Kletzing
John Wygant John Bonnell Lei Dai Kyungguk Min Charles W. Smith Robert
MacDowall\
 article=2014JA020373; doi=10.1002/2014JA020373; pubdate=30 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 15. Title=Cutoff latitude variation during solar proton events: Causes
and consequences\
 Authors=H. Nesse Tyssoy J. Stadsnes\
 article=2014JA020508; doi=10.1002/2014JA020508; pubdate=30 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, SPDF\
 \
 16. Title=Evolution of the storm magnetic field disturbance around
Earth's surface and the associated ring current as deduced from multiple
ground observatories\
 Authors=C. Shen G. Zeng X. Li Z. J. Rong\
 article=2014JA020562; doi=10.1002/2014JA020562; pubdate=30 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 17. Title=Characterization of the energy-dependent response of riometer
absorption\
 Authors=A. C. Kellerman Y. Y. Shprits R. A. Makarevich E. Spanswick E.
Donovan G. Reeves\
 article=2014JA020027; doi=10.1002/2014JA020027; pubdate=8 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, OMNI2, NSSDCFTP\
 \
 18. Title=Localized thermosphere ionization events during the
high-speed stream interval of 29 April to 5 May 2011\
 Authors=O. P. Verkhoglyadova A. J. Mannucci B. T. Tsurutani M. G.
Mlynczak L. A. Hunt R. J. Redmon J. C. Green\
 article=2014JA020535; doi=10.1002/2014JA020535; pubdate=16 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 19. Title=Opposite hemispheric asymmetries during the ionospheric storm
of 29-31 August 2004\
 Authors=Elvira Astafyeva Irina Zakharenkova Eelco Doornbos\
 article=2014JA020710; doi=10.1002/2014JA020710; pubdate=21 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, International Reference
Ionosphere\
 \
 20. Title=Long-duration geomagnetic storm effects on the D region of
the ionosphere: Some case studies using VLF signal\
 Authors=Abhijit Choudhury Barin Kumar De Anirban Guha Rakesh Roy\
 article=2014JA020738; doi=10.1002/2014JA020738; pubdate=29 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: International Reference Ionosphere\
 \
 21. Title=Response of the low-latitude D region ionosphere to extreme
space weather event of 14-16 December 2006\
 Authors=Sushil Kumar Abhikesh Kumar Frederick Menk Ajeet K. Maurya
Rajesh Singh B. Veenadhari\
 article=2014JA020751; doi=10.1002/2014JA020751; pubdate=30 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb \
 \
 22. Title=Topside ionospheric irregularities as seen from
multisatellite observations\
 Authors=Irina Zakharenkova Elvira Astafyeva\
 article=2014JA020330; doi=10.1002/2014JA020330; pubdate=30 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 23. Title=Longitudinal variations of the nighttime E layer electron
density in the auroral zone\
 Authors=Xiaoli Luan Wenbin Wang Xiankang Dou Alan Burns Xinan Yue\
 article=2014JA020610; doi=10.1002/2014JA020610; pubdate=31 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: International Reference Ionosphere\
 \
 24. Title=Van Allen Probes observations linking radiation belt
electrons to chorus waves during 2014 multiple storms\
 Authors=Si Liu Fuliang Xiao Chang Yang Yihua He Qinghua Zhou C. A.
Kletzing W. S. Kurth G. B. Hospodarsky H. E. Spence G. D. Reeves H. O.
Funsten J. B. Blake D. N. Baker J. R. Wygant\
 article=2014JA020781; doi=10.1002/2014JA020781; pubdate=3 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 25. Title=Survey of ULF wave signatures seen in the Tasman
International Geospace Environment Radars data\
 Authors=L. Norouzi-Sedeh C. L. Waters F. W. Menk\
 article=2014JA020652; doi=10.1002/2014JA020652; pubdate=3 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: International Reference Ionosphere\
 \
 26. Title=Interplanetary magnetic field dependence of the suprathermal
energetic neutral atoms originated in subsolar magnetopause\
 Authors=K. Ogasawara M. A. Dayeh H. O. Funsten S. A. Fuselier G.
Livadiotis D. J. McComas\
 article=2014JA020851; doi=10.1002/2014JA020851; pubdate=3 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 27. Title=Statistical altitude distribution of the auroral density
cavity\
 Authors=L. Alm B. Li G. T. Marklund T. Karlsson\
 article=2014JA020691; doi=10.1002/2014JA020691; pubdate=4 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 28. Title=Acceleration of O%2B from the cusp to the plasma sheet\
 Authors=J. Liao L. M. Kistler C. G. Mouikis B. Klecker I. Dandouras\
 article=2014JA020341; doi=10.1002/2014JA020341; pubdate=7 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, SPDF\
 \
 29. Title=Electron precipitation models in global magnetosphere
simulations\
 Authors=B. Zhang W. Lotko O. Brambles M. Wiltberger J. Lyon\
 article=2014JA020615; doi=10.1002/2014JA020615; pubdate=7 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 30. Title=East-west type precursor activity prior to the auroral onset:
Ground-based and THEMIS observations\
 Authors=I. V. Golovchanskaya I. A. Kornilov T. A. Kornilova\
 article=2014JA020081; doi=10.1002/2014JA020081; pubdate=16 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 31. Title=Dependence of plasmaspheric hiss on solar wind parameters and
geomagnetic activity and modeling of its global distribution\
 Authors=Kyung-Chan Kim Dae-Young Lee Yuri Shprits\
 article=2014JA020687; doi=10.1002/2014JA020687; pubdate=17 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, OMNI-2, SPDF\
 \
 32. Title=Modeling CME-shock-driven storms in 2012-2013: MHD test
particle simulations\
 Authors=M. K. Hudson J. Paral B. T. Kress M. Wiltberger D. N. Baker J.
C. Foster D. L. Turner J. R. Wygant\
 article=2014JA020833; doi=10.1002/2014JA020833; pubdate=19 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 33. Title=Quantitative maps of geomagnetic perturbation vectors during
substorm onset and recovery\
 Authors=N. M. Pothier D. R. Weimer W. B. Moore\
 article=2014JA020602; doi=10.1002/2014JA020602; pubdate=20 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: NSSDCFTP\
 \
 34. Title=Upper limit on the inner radiation belt MeV electron
intensity\
 Authors=X. Li R. S. Selesnick D. N. Baker A. N. Jaynes S. G. Kanekal Q.
Schiller L. Blum J. Fennell J. B. Blake\
 article=2014JA020777; doi=10.1002/2014JA020777; pubdate=24 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, AE-8\
 \
 35. Title=Thermospheric winds around the cusp region\
 Authors=Cheng Sheng Yue Deng Qian Wu Aaron Ridley Ingemar
Haggstr%C3%B6m\
 article=2014JA020028; doi=10.1002/2014JA020028; pubdate=3 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 36. Title=The long-duration positive storm effects in the equatorial
ionosphere over Jicamarca\
 Authors=Jiawei Kuai Libo Liu Jing Liu Biqiang Zhao Yiding Chen Huijun
Le Weixing Wan\
 article=2014JA020552; doi=10.1002/2014JA020552; pubdate=3 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 37. Title=Ionospheric response to CIR-induced recurrent geomagnetic
activity during the declining phase of solar cycle 23\
 Authors=Yanhong Chen Wenbin Wang Alan G. Burns Siqing Liu Jiancun Gong
Xinan Yue Guoying Jiang Anthea Coster\
 article=2014JA020657; doi=10.1002/2014JA020657; pubdate=16 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 38. Title=Multiscale equatorial electrojet turbulence:Baseline 2-D
model\
 Authors=Ehab Hassan W. Horton A. I. Smolyakov D. R. Hatch S. K. Litt\
 article=2014JA020387; doi=10.1002/2014JA020387; pubdate=26 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: International Reference Ionosphere\
 \
 39. Title=Interplanetary magnetic field and solar cycle dependence of
Northern Hemisphere F region joule heating\
 Authors=L. M. Bjoland X. Chen Y. Jin A. S. Reimer %C3%85.
Skj%C3%A6veland M. R. Wessel J. K. Burchill L. B. N. Clausen S. E.
Haaland K. A. McWilliams\
 article=2014JA020586; doi=10.1002/2014JA020586; pubdate=27 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 40. Title=On the azimuthal evolution and geoeffectiveness of the
SIR-associated stream interface\
 Authors=A. C. Kellerman R. L. McPherron J. M. Weygand\
 article=2014JA020334; doi=10.1002/2014JA020334; pubdate=9 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 41. Title=Analysis of a coronal mass ejection and corotating
interaction region as they travel from the Sun passing Venus  Earth 
Mars  and Saturn\
 Authors=A. J. Prise L. K. Harra S. A. Matthews C. S. Arridge N.
Achilleos\
 article=2014JA020256; doi=10.1002/2014JA020256; pubdate=23 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 42. Title=Shock-induced prompt relativistic electron acceleration in
the inner magnetosphere\
 Authors=J. C. Foster J. R. Wygant M. K. Hudson A. J. Boyd D. N. Baker
P. J. Erickson H. E. Spence\
 article=2014JA020642; doi=10.1002/2014JA020642; pubdate=9 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 43. Title=Distinguishing between pulsed and continuous reconnection at
the dayside magnetopause\
 Authors=K. J. Trattner T. G. Onsager S. M. Petrinec S. A. Fuselier\
 article=2014JA020713; doi=10.1002/2014JA020713; pubdate=11 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 44. Title=Modeling subauroral polarization streams during the 17 March
2013 storm\
 Authors=Yiqun Yu Vania Jordanova Shasha Zou Roderick Heelis Mike
Ruohoniemi John Wygant\
 article=2014JA020371; doi=10.1002/2014JA020371; pubdate=12 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 45. Title=Are steady magnetospheric convection events prolonged
substorms%3F\
 Authors=M.-T. Walach S. E. Milan\
 article=2014JA020631; doi=10.1002/2014JA020631; pubdate=12 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 46. Title=A comprehensive analysis of the occurrence and
characteristics of midperiod ULF waves at low latitude\
 Authors=Umberto Villante Pietro Tiberi\
 article=2014JA020558; doi=10.1002/2014JA020558; pubdate=14 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 47. Title=Link between premidnight second harmonic poloidal waves and
auroral undulations: Conjugate observations with a Van Allen Probe
spacecraft and a THEMIS all-sky imager\
 Authors=T. Motoba K. Takahashi A. Ukhorskiy M. Gkioulidou D. G.
Mitchell L. J. Lanzerotti G. I. Korotova E. F. Donovan J. R. Wygant C.
A. Kletzing W. S. Kurth J. B. Blake\
 article=2014JA020863; doi=10.1002/2014JA020863; pubdate=18 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 48. Title=Spatial structure and temporal evolution of energetic
particle injections in the inner magnetosphere during the 14 July 2013
substorm event\
 Authors=Matina Gkioulidou S. Ohtani D. G. Mitchell A. Y. Ukhorskiy G.
D. Reeves D. L. Turner J. W. Gjerloev M. Nose K. Koga J. V. Rodriguez L.
J. Lanzerotti\
 article=2014JA020872; doi=10.1002/2014JA020872; pubdate=20 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb\
 \
 49. Title=The global context of the 14 November 2012 storm event\
 Authors=K.-J. Hwang D. G. Sibeck M.-C. H. Fok Y. Zheng Y. Nishimura
J.-J. Lee A. Glocer N. Partamies H. J. Singer G. D. Reeves D. G.
Mitchell C. A. Kletzing T. Onsager\
 article=2014JA020826; doi=10.1002/2014JA020826; pubdate=23 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 50. Title=A 2-D empirical plasma sheet pressure model for substorm
growth phase using the Support Vector Regression Machine\
 Authors=Chao Yue Chih-Ping Wang Larry Lyons Yongli Wang Tung-Shin Hsu
Michael Henderson Vassilis Angelopoulos A. T. Y. Lui Tsugunobu Nagai\
 article=2014JA020787; doi=10.1002/2014JA020787; pubdate=23 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 51. Title=Conjugate observations of traveling convection vortices
associated with transient events at the magnetopause\
 Authors=H. Kim C. R. Clauer M. J. Engebretson J. Matzka D. G. Sibeck H.
J. Singer C. Stolle D. R. Weimer Z. Xu\
 article=2014JA020743; doi=10.1002/2014JA020743; pubdate=28 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, CGM\
 \
 52. Title=Analysis of the effectiveness of ground-based VLF wave
observations for predicting or nowcasting relativistic electron flux at
geostationary orbit\
 Authors=Laura E. Simms Mark J. Engebretson A. J. Smith Mark Clilverd
Viacheslav Pilipenko Geoffrey D. Reeves\
 article=2014JA020337; doi=10.1002/2014JA020337; pubdate=30 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 53. Title=Unusual depletion of OI 630.0%E2%80%89nm dayglow and
simultaneous mesopause heating during the penetration of interplanetary
electric field over dip equator\
 Authors=S. G. Sumod T. K. Pant C. Vineeth M. M. Hossain\
 article=2014JA020584; doi=10.1002/2014JA020584; pubdate=4 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 54. Title=Long-term determination of energetic electron precipitation
into the atmosphere from AARDDVARK subionospheric VLF observations\
 Authors=Jason J. Neal Craig J. Rodger Mark A. Clilverd Neil R. Thomson
Tero Raita Thomas Ulich\
 article=2014JA020689; doi=10.1002/2014JA020689; pubdate=12 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 55. Title=Low-latitude scintillation weakening during sudden
stratospheric warming events\
 Authors=E. R. Paula O. F. Jonah A. O. Moraes E. A. Kherani B. G. Fejer
M. A. Abdu M. T. A. H. Muella I. S. Batista S. L. G. Dutra R. R. Paes\
 article=2014JA020731; doi=10.1002/2014JA020731; pubdate=16 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, Space Physics Data Facility, IRI-2012\
 \
 56. Title=The postsunset vertical plasma drift and its effects on the
generation of equatorial plasma bubbles observed by the C%2FNOFS
satellite\
 Authors=Chao-Song Huang Marc R. Hairston\
 article=2014JA020735; doi=10.1002/2014JA020735; pubdate=19 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 57. Title=Role of neutral wind in the performance of artificial
neural-network based TEC models at diverse longitudes in the low
latitudes\
 Authors=D. Sur S. Ray A. Paul\
 article=2014JA020594; doi=10.1002/2014JA020594; pubdate=28 MAR 2015\
 \
 58. Title=Shocks inside CMEs: A survey of properties from 1997 to 2006\
 Authors=N. Lugaz C. J. Farrugia C. W. Smith K. Paulson\
 article=2014JA020848; doi=10.1002/2014JA020848; pubdate=24 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb\
 \
 59. Title=Whistler mode wave generation at the edges of a magnetic dip\
 Authors=Zeren Zhima Jinbin Cao Huishan Fu Wenlong Liu Lunjin Chen
Malcolm Dunlop Xue Min Zhang Xu Hui Shen\
 article=2014JA020786; doi=10.1002/2014JA020786; pubdate=1 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 60. Title=An optimum solar wind coupling function for the AL index\
 Authors=Robert L. McPherron Tung-Shin Hsu Xiangning Chu\
 article=2014JA020619; doi=10.1002/2014JA020619; pubdate=6 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 61. Title=BARREL observations of an ICME-shock impact with the
magnetosphere and the resultant radiation belt electron loss\
 Authors=A. J. Halford S. L. McGregor K. R. Murphy R. M. Millan M. K.
Hudson L. A. Woodger C. A. Cattel A. W. Breneman I. R. Mann W. S. Kurth
G. B. Hospodarsky M. Gkioulidou J. F. Fennell\
 article=2014JA020873; doi=10.1002/2014JA020873; pubdate=11 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb\
 \
 62. Title=Equatorial noise emissions with quasiperiodic modulation of
wave intensity\
 Authors=F. N%C4%9Bmec O. Santol%C3%ADk Z. Hrb%C3%A1%C4%8Dkov%C3%A1 J.
S. Pickett N. Cornilleau-Wehrlin\
 article=2014JA020816; doi=10.1002/2014JA020816; pubdate=15 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 63. Title=Long-term decrease in the response of midlatitude stations to
high-speed solar wind streams in 1914-2000\
 Authors=D. Martini K. Mursula M. Orispaa H.-J. Linthe\
 article=2014JA020813; doi=10.1002/2014JA020813; pubdate=16 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 64. Title=On the local Hurst exponent of geomagnetic field
fluctuations: Spatial distribution for different geomagnetic activity
levels\
 Authors=Paola De Michelis Giuseppe Consolini\
 article=2014JA020685; doi=10.1002/2014JA020685; pubdate=17 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, VITMO, CGM\
 \
 65. Title=A statistical study into the spatial distribution and
dawn-dusk asymmetry of dayside magnetosheath ion temperatures as a
function of upstream solar wind conditions\
 Authors=A. P. Dimmock K. Nykyri H. Karimabadi A. Osmane T. I.
Pulkkinen\
 article=2014JA020734; doi=10.1002/2014JA020734; pubdate=22 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF \
 \
 66. Title=Solar cycle dependence of substorm occurrence and duration:
Implications for onset\
 Authors=Xiangning Chu Robert L. McPherron Tung-Shin Hsu Vassilis
Angelopoulos\
 article=2015JA021104; doi=10.1002/2015JA021104; pubdate=22 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, NSSDC\
 \
 67. Title=New model fit functions of the plasmapause location
determined using THEMIS observations during the ascending phase of Solar
Cycle 24\
 Authors=Junghee Cho Dae-Young Lee Jin-Hee Kim Dae-Kyu Shin Kyung-Chan
Kim Drew Turner\
 article=2015JA021030; doi=10.1002/2015JA021030; pubdate=27 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 68. Title=High-energy radiation belt electrons from CRAND\
 Authors=R. S. Selesnick\
 article=2014JA020963; doi=10.1002/2014JA020963; pubdate=30 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: ModelWeb\
 \
 69. Title=Theoretical study of zonal differences of electron density at
midlatitudes with GITM simulation\
 Authors=Hui Wang Aaron J. Ridley Jie Zhu\
 article=2014JA020790; doi=10.1002/2014JA020790; pubdate=1 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility,
International Reference Ionosphere\
 \
 70. Title=Dayside reconnection under interplanetary magnetic field
By-dominated conditions: The formation and movement of bending arcs\
 Authors=J. A. Carter S. E. Milan R. C. Fear A. Kullen M. R. Hairston\
 article=2014JA020809; doi=10.1002/2014JA020809; pubdate=1 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 71. Title=A comprehensive survey of atmospheric quasi 3%E2%80%89day
planetary-scale waves and their impacts on the day-to-day variations of
the equatorial ionosphere\
 Authors=Guiping Liu Scott L. England Thomas J. Immel Harald U. Frey
Anthony J. Mannucci Nicholas J. Mitchell\
 article=2014JA020805; doi=10.1002/2014JA020805; pubdate=1 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 72. Title=Substorm-induced energetic electron precipitation: Morphology
and prediction\
 Authors=M. J. Beharrell F. Honary C. J. Rodger M. A. Clilverd\
 article=2014JA020632; doi=10.1002/2014JA020632; pubdate=6 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: ModelWeb\
 \
 73. Title=Interhemispheric asymmetry of the equatorial ionization
anomaly in solstices observed by COSMIC during 2007-2012\
 Authors=Xiaoli Luan Pan Wang Xiankang Dou Yong C.-M. Liu\
 article=2014JA020820; doi=10.1002/2014JA020820; pubdate=15 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: NSSDCFTP, ModelWeb\
 \
 74. Title=Field-aligned neutral wind bias correction scheme for global
ionospheric modeling at midlatitudes by assimilating FORMOSAT-3%2FCOSMIC
hmF2 data under geomagnetically quiet conditions\
 Authors=Yang-Yi Sun Tomoko Matsuo Naomi Maruyama Jann-Yenq Liu\
 article=2014JA020768; doi=10.1002/2014JA020768; pubdate=20 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, International Reference Ionosphere\
 \
 75. Title=Characteristics of PMSE associated with the geomagnetic
disturbance driven by corotating interaction region and high-speed solar
wind streams in the declining solar cycle 23\
 Authors=Young-Sook Lee Sheila Kirkwood Young-Sil Kwak Gordon G.
Shepherd Kyung-Chan Kim Tae-Yong Yang Antti Kero\
 article=2015JA021144; doi=10.1002/2015JA021144; pubdate=22 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, SPDF\
 \
 76. Title=North-south asymmetry in global distribution of the solar
wind speed during 1985-2013\
 Authors=Munetoshi Tokumaru Ken\\'ichi Fujiki Tomoya Iju\
 article=2014JA020765; doi=10.1002/2014JA020765; pubdate=5 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, COHO, NSSDC\
 \
 77. Title=THEMIS observations of electrostatic ion cyclotron waves and
associated ion heating near the Earth\\'s dayside magnetopause\
 Authors=Xiangwei Tang Cynthia Cattell Robert Lysak Lynn B. Wilson Lei
Dai Scott Thaller\
 article=2015JA020984; doi=10.1002/2015JA020984; pubdate=6 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 78. Title=Time delay of interplanetary magnetic field penetration into
Earth\\'s magnetotail\
 Authors=Z. J. Rong A. T. Y. Lui W. X. Wan Y. Y. Yang C. Shen A. A.
Petrukovich Y. C. Zhang T. L. Zhang Y. Wei\
 article=2014JA020452; doi=10.1002/2014JA020452; pubdate=6 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 79. Title=Distribution of energetic oxygen and hydrogen in the
near-Earth plasma sheet\
 Authors=E. A. Kronberg E. E. Grigorenko S. E. Haaland P. W. Daly D. C.
Delcourt H. Luo L. M. Kistler I. Dandouras\
 article=2014JA020882; doi=10.1002/2014JA020882; pubdate=7 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 80. Title=Testing the estimated hypothetical response of a major CME
impact on Earth and its implications to space weather\
 Authors=Ramkumar Bala Patricia Reiff C. T. Russell\
 article=2014JA020739; doi=10.1002/2014JA020739; pubdate=7 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 81. Title=Simulation of ULF wave-modulated radiation belt electron
precipitation during the 17 March 2013 storm\
 Authors=T. Brito M. K. Hudson B. Kress J. Paral A. Halford R. Millan M.
Usanova\
 article=2014JA020838; doi=10.1002/2014JA020838; pubdate=7 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, NSSDC\
 \
 82. Title=Analysis of temperature versus density plots and their
relation to the LLBL formation under southward and northward IMF
orientations\
 Authors=Z. N%C4%9Bme%C4%8Dek J. %C5%A0afr%C3%A1nkov%C3%A1 O. Kruparova
L. P%C5%99ech K. Jel%C3%ADnek %C5%A0. Du%C5%A1%C3%ADk J.
%C5%A0im%C5%AFnek K. Grygorov J.-H. Shue\
 article=2014JA020308; doi=10.1002/2014JA020308; pubdate=8 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 83. Title=Transpolar arc observation after solar wind entry into the
high-latitude magnetosphere\
 Authors=B. Mailyan Q. Q. Shi A. Kullen R. Maggiolo Y. Zhang R. C. Fear
Q.-G. Zong S. Y. Fu X. C. Gou X. Cao Z. H. Yao W. J. Sun Y. Wei Z. Y.
Pu\
 article=2014JA020912; doi=10.1002/2014JA020912; pubdate=13 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 84. Title=Energetic  relativistic  and ultrarelativistic electrons:
Comparison of long-term VERB code simulations with Van Allen Probes
measurements\
 Authors=A. Y. Drozdov Y. Y. Shprits K. G. Orlova A. C. Kellerman D. A.
Subbotin D. N. Baker H. E. Spence G. D. Reeves\
 article=2014JA020637; doi=10.1002/2014JA020637; pubdate=16 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 85. Title=What frequencies of standing surface waves can the subsolar
magnetopause support%3F\
 Authors=M. O. Archer F. Plaschke\
 article=2014JA020545; doi=10.1002/2014JA020545; pubdate=20 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 86. Title=Reentrant albedo proton fluxes measured by the PAMELA
experiment\
 Authors=O. Adriani G. C. Barbarino G. A. Bazilevskaya R. Bellotti M.
Boezio E. A. Bogomolov M. Bongi V. Bonvicini S. Bottai A. Bruno F.
Cafagna D. Campana P. Carlson M. Casolino G. Castellini C. De Donato C.
De Santis N. De Simone V. Di Felice V. Formato A. M. Galper A. V.
Karelin S. V. Koldashov S. Koldobskiy S. Y. Krutkov A. N. Kvashnin A.
Leonov V. Malakhov L. Marcelli M. Martucci A. G. Mayorov W. Menn M.
Merge V. V. Mikhailov E. Mocchiutti A. Monaco N. Mori R. Munini G.
Osteria F. Palma B. Panico P. Papini M. Pearce P. Picozza M. Ricci S. B.
Ricciarini R. Sarkar V. Scotti M. Simon R. Sparvoli P. Spillantini Y. I.
Stozhkov A. Vacchi E. Vannuccini G. I. Vasilyev S. A. Voronov Y. T.
Yurkin G. Zampa N. Zampa\
 article=2015JA021019; doi=10.1002/2015JA021019; pubdate=26 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 87. Title=Three-dimensional current systems and ionospheric effects
associated with small dipolarization fronts\
 Authors=L. Palin C. Jacquey H. Opgenoorth M. Connors V. Sergeev J.-A.
Sauvaud R. Nakamura G. D. Reeves H. J. Singer V. Angelopoulos L. Turc\
 article=2015JA021040; doi=10.1002/2015JA021040; pubdate=27 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: SSCWeb, OMNI, TIPSOD\
 \
 88. Title=Properties of the lunar wake predicted by analytic models and
hybrid-kinetic simulations\
 Authors=Hossna Gharaee Robert Rankin Richard Marchand Jan Paral\
 article=2014JA020907; doi=10.1002/2014JA020907; pubdate=29 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 89. Title=Ampere force exerted by geomagnetic Sq currents and
thermospheric pressure difference\
 Authors=Masahiko Takeda\
 article=2014JA020952; doi=10.1002/2014JA020952; pubdate=6 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: ModelWeb, International Reference Ionosphere, IRI2012\
 \
 90. Title=The dependence of the strength and thickness of field-aligned
currents on solar wind and ionospheric parameters\
 Authors=Jay R. Johnson Simon Wing\
 article=2014JA020312; doi=10.1002/2014JA020312; pubdate=22 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, NSSDC\
 \
 91. Title=Response of reverse convection to fast IMF transitions\
 Authors=S. Taguchi A. Tawara M. R. Hairston J. A. Slavin G. Le J.
Matzka C. Stolle\
 article=2015JA021002; doi=10.1002/2015JA021002; pubdate=26 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 92. Title=Properties and drivers of fast interplanetary shocks near the
orbit of the Earth (1995-2013)\
 Authors=E. K. J. Kilpua E. Lumme K. Andreeova A. Isavnin H. E. J.
Koskinen\
 article=2015JA021138; doi=10.1002/2015JA021138; pubdate=17 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 Sample usage= Near-Earth Heliospheric data base ( OMNI , a\
 \
 93. Title=The Langmuir waves associated with the 1 December 2013 type
II burst\
 Authors=D. B. Graham Iver H. Cairns\
 article=2015JA021120; doi=10.1002/2015JA021120; pubdate=22 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 94. Title=The ULF wave foreshock boundary: Cluster observations\
 Authors=Nahuel Andres Karim Meziane Christian Mazelle Cesar Bertucci
Daniel Gomez\
 article=2014JA020783; doi=10.1002/2014JA020783; pubdate=1 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 95. Title=Resonance structure and mode transition of quarter-wave ULF
pulsations around the dawn terminator\
 Authors=Yuki Obana Colin L. Waters Murray D. Sciffer Frederick W. Menk
Robert L. Lysak Kazuo Shiokawa Anthony W. Hurst Tanja Petersen\
 article=2015JA021096; doi=10.1002/2015JA021096; pubdate=1 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, CGM, VITMO\
 \
 96. Title=Comprehensive analysis of the flux dropout during 7-8
November 2008 storm using multisatellite observations and RBE model\
 Authors=J. Hwang E.-J. Choi J.-S. Park M.-C. Fok D.-Y. Lee K.-C. Kim
D.-K. Shin M. E. Usanova G. D. Reeves\
 article=2015JA021085; doi=10.1002/2015JA021085; pubdate=3 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 97. Title=Impact angle control of interplanetary shock
geoeffectiveness: A statistical study\
 Authors=Denny M. Oliveira Joachim Raeder\
 article=2015JA021147; doi=10.1002/2015JA021147; pubdate=3 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 98. Title=The effect of different solar wind parameters upon
significant relativistic electron flux dropouts in the magnetosphere\
 Authors=Xinliang Gao Wen Li Jacob Bortnik Richard M. Thorne Quanming Lu
Qianli Ma Xin Tao Shui Wang\
 article=2015JA021182; doi=10.1002/2015JA021182; pubdate=3 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 99. Title=The two-way relationship between ionospheric outflow and the
ring current\
 Authors=D. T. Welling V. K. Jordanova A. Glocer G. Toth M. W. Liemohn
D. R. Weimer\
 article=2015JA021231; doi=10.1002/2015JA021231; pubdate=3 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 100. Title=Field line distribution of mass density at geostationary
orbit\
 Authors=R. E. Denton Kazue Takahashi Jimyoung Lee C. K. Zeitler N. T.
Wimer L. E. Litscher H. J. Singer Kyungguk Min\
 article=2014JA020810; doi=10.1002/2014JA020810; pubdate=4 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 101. Title=Large-scale jets in the magnetosheath and plasma penetration
across the magnetopause: THEMIS observations\
 Authors=A. V. Dmitriev A. V. Suvorova\
 article=2014JA020953; doi=10.1002/2014JA020953; pubdate=5 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 102. Title=Electron density enhancements in the polar cap during
periods of dayside reconnection\
 Authors=L. B. N. Clausen J. I. Moen\
 article=2015JA021188; doi=10.1002/2015JA021188; pubdate=6 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 103. Title=Direct observations of the full Dungey convection cycle in
the polar ionosphere for southward interplanetary magnetic field
conditions\
 Authors=Q.-H. Zhang M. Lockwood J. C. Foster S.-R. Zhang B.-C. Zhang I.
W. McCrea J. Moen M. Lester J. M. Ruohoniemi\
 article=2015JA021172; doi=10.1002/2015JA021172; pubdate=9 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI, OMNI-2\
 \
 104. Title=Van Allen Probes investigation of the large-scale duskward
electric field and its role in ring current formation and plasmasphere
erosion in the 1 June 2013 storm\
 Authors=S. A. Thaller J. R. Wygant L. Dai A. W. Breneman K. Kersten C.
A. Cattell J. W. Bonnell J. F. Fennell Matina Gkioulidou C. A. Kletzing
S. De Pascuale G. B. Hospodarsky S. R. Bounds\
 article=2014JA020875; doi=10.1002/2014JA020875; pubdate=10 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, SSCWeb, OMNI\
 \
 105. Title=Hemispheric asymmetry of subauroral ion drifts: Statistical
results\
 Authors=Xiao-Xin Zhang Fei He Wenbin Wang Bo Chen\
 article=2015JA021016; doi=10.1002/2015JA021016; pubdate=10 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 106. Title=Assessing the role of oxygen on ring current formation and
evolution through numerical experiments\
 Authors=R. Ilie M. W. Liemohn G. Toth N. Yu Ganushkina L. K. S.
Daldorff\
 article=2015JA021157; doi=10.1002/2015JA021157; pubdate=16 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 107. Title=Energetic electron response to interplanetary shocks at
geosynchronous orbit\
 Authors=Y. Liu Q.-G. Zong\
 article=2014JA020756; doi=10.1002/2014JA020756; pubdate=17 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 108. Title=Observations of the relationship between ionospheric central
polar cap and dayside throat convection velocities  and solar wind%2FIMF
driving\
 Authors=W. A. Bristow E. Amata J. Spaleta M. F. Marcucci\
 article=2015JA021199; doi=10.1002/2015JA021199; pubdate=17 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 109. Title=Oscillations of energetic ions flux near the Earth\\'s bow
shock\
 Authors=A. A. Petrukovich T. Inamori J. Balaz K. Kudela M. Slivka I.
Strharsky V. A. Gladyshev T. Sarris E. Sarris\
 article=2015JA021077; doi=10.1002/2015JA021077; pubdate=17 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 110. Title=Storm time occurrence and spatial distribution of Pc4
poloidal ULF waves in the inner magnetosphere: A Van Allen Probes
statistical study\
 Authors=Lei Dai Kazue Takahashi Robert Lysak Chi Wang John R. Wygant
Craig Kletzing John Bonnell Cynthia A. Cattell Charles W. Smith Robert
J. MacDowall Scott Thaller Aaron Breneman Xiangwei Tang Xin Tao Lunjin
Chen\
 article=2015JA021134; doi=10.1002/2015JA021134; pubdate=23 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 111. Title=Observations of magnetospheric high-m poloidal waves by ST-5
satellites in low Earth orbit during geomagnetically quiet times\
 Authors=P. J. Chi G. Le\
 article=2015JA021145; doi=10.1002/2015JA021145; pubdate=24 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 112. Title=Response of ionospheric electric fields at mid-low latitudes
during sudden commencements\
 Authors=N. Takahashi Y. Kasaba A. Shinbori Y. Nishimura T. Kikuchi Y.
Ebihara T. Nagatsuma\
 article=2015JA021309; doi=10.1002/2015JA021309; pubdate=27 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, SPDF\
 \
 113. Title=Variability of the pitch angle distribution of radiation
belt ultrarelativistic electrons during and following intense
geomagnetic storms: Van Allen Probes observations\
 Authors=Binbin Ni Zhengyang Zou Xudong Gu Chen Zhou Richard M. Thorne
Jacob Bortnik Run Shi Zhengyu Zhao Daniel N. Baker Shrikhanth G. Kanekal
Harlan E. Spence Geoffrey D. Reeves Xinlin Li\
 article=2015JA021065; doi=10.1002/2015JA021065; pubdate=30 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 114. Title=Solar wind control of ionospheric equivalent currents and
their time derivatives\
 Authors=L. Juusola K. Kauristie M. Kamp E. I. Tanskanen K. Mursula T.
Asikainen K. Andreeov%C3%A1 N. Partamies H. Vanhamaki A. Viljanen\
 article=2015JA021204; doi=10.1002/2015JA021204; pubdate=2 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 115. Title=Three different types of electric field disturbances
affecting equatorial ionosphere during a long-duration prompt
penetration event\
 Authors=D. Chakrabarty Diptiranjan Rout R. Sekar R. Narayanan G. D.
Reeves Tarun K. Pant B. Veenadhari K. Shiokawa\
 article=2014JA020759; doi=10.1002/2014JA020759; pubdate=4 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 116. Title=Response of the ionospheric convection reversal boundary at
high latitudes to changes in the interplanetary magnetic field\
 Authors=Y.-J. Chen R. A. Heelis J. A. Cumnock\
 article=2015JA021024; doi=10.1002/2015JA021024; pubdate=6 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 117. Title=Statistical analysis of thermospheric density response to
solar wind sector structure\
 Authors=Dongjie Guo Jiuhou Lei Xiankang Dou\
 article=2015JA021112; doi=10.1002/2015JA021112; pubdate=9 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 118. Title=Thermal and dynamical perturbations in the winter polar
mesosphere-lower thermosphere region associated with sudden
stratospheric warmings under conditions of low solar activity\
 Authors=Renata Lukianova Alexander Kozlovsky Sergey Shalimov Thomas
Ulich Mark Lester\
 article=2015JA021269; doi=10.1002/2015JA021269; pubdate=27 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 119. Title=Magnetic field line lengths inside interplanetary magnetic
flux ropes\
 Authors=Qiang Hu Jiong Qiu Sam Krucker\
 article=2015JA021133; doi=10.1002/2015JA021133; pubdate=7 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 120. Title=A 20 year decline in solar photospheric magnetic fields:
Inner-heliospheric signatures and possible implications\
 Authors=P. Janardhan Susanta Kumar Bisoi S. Ananthakrishnan M. Tokumaru
K. Fujiki L. Jose R. Sridharan\
 article=2015JA021123; doi=10.1002/2015JA021123; pubdate=17 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, OMNI2, SPDF\
 \
 121. Title=Dipole tilt angle effect on magnetic reconnection locations
on the magnetopause\
 Authors=C. B. Zhu H. Zhang Y. S. Ge Z. Y. Pu W. L. Liu W. X. Wan L. B.
Liu Y. D. Chen H. J. Le Y. F. Wang\
 article=2015JA020989; doi=10.1002/2015JA020989; pubdate=2 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 122. Title=The enhancement of cosmic radio noise absorption due to
hiss-driven energetic electron precipitation during substorms\
 Authors=Haimeng Li Zhigang Yuan Xiongdong Yu Shiyong Huang Dedong Wang
Zhenzhen Wang Zheng Qiao John R. Wygant\
 article=2015JA021113; doi=10.1002/2015JA021113; pubdate=14 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 123. Title=Experimental evidence for the existence of monochromatic
transverse small-scale standing Alfven waves with spatially dependent
polarization\
 Authors=A. S. Leonovich D. Yu. Klimushkin P. N. Mager\
 article=2015JA021044; doi=10.1002/2015JA021044; pubdate=17 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 124. Title=Van Allen probes  NOAA  GOES  and ground observations of an
intense EMIC wave event extending over 12 h in magnetic local time\
 Authors=M. J. Engebretson J. L. Posch J. R. Wygant C. A. Kletzing M. R.
Lessard C.-L. Huang H. E. Spence C. W. Smith H. J. Singer Y. Omura R. B.
Horne G. D. Reeves D. N. Baker M. Gkioulidou K. Oksavik I. R. Mann T .
Raita K. Shiokawa\
 article=2015JA021227; doi=10.1002/2015JA021227; pubdate=21 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, SSCWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, ModelWeb, NSSDC, Space
Physics Data Facility, VITMO, CGM\
 \
 125. Title=A statistical study of the dawn-dusk asymmetry of ion
temperature anisotropy and mirror mode occurrence in the terrestrial
dayside magnetosheath using THEMIS data\
 Authors=A. P. Dimmock A. Osmane T. I. Pulkkinen K. Nykyri\
 article=2015JA021192; doi=10.1002/2015JA021192; pubdate=21 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 126. Title=Weak kinetic Alfven waves turbulence during the
14%C2%A0November%C2%A02012 geomagnetic storm: Van Allen Probes
observations\
 Authors=Pablo. S. Moya V%C3%ADctor A. Pinto Adolfo F. Vi%C3%B1as David
G. Sibeck William S. Kurth George B. Hospodarsky John R. Wygant\
 article=2014JA020281; doi=10.1002/2014JA020281; pubdate=21 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 127. Title=Omega band pulsating auroras observed onboard THEMIS
spacecraft and on the ground\
 Authors=Natsuo Sato Akira Kadokura Yoshimasa Tanaka Takanori Nishiyama
Tomoaki Hori Akira Sessai Yukimatu\
 article=2015JA021382; doi=10.1002/2015JA021382; pubdate=21 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 128. Title=Statistical storm time examination of MLT-dependent
plasmapause location derived from IMAGE EUV\
 Authors=R. M. Katus D. L. Gallagher M. W. Liemohn A. M. Keesee L. K.
Sarno-Smith\
 article=2015JA021225; doi=10.1002/2015JA021225; pubdate=22 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 129. Title=Dense plasma and Kelvin-Helmholtz waves at Earth\\'s dayside
magnetopause\
 Authors=B. M. Walsh E. G. Thomas K.-J. Hwang J. B. H. Baker J. M.
Ruohoniemi J. W. Bonnell\
 article=2015JA021014; doi=10.1002/2015JA021014; pubdate=22 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 130. Title=A statistical study of EMIC waves observed by Cluster: 1.
Wave properties\
 Authors=R. C. Allen J.-C. Zhang L. M. Kistler H. E. Spence R.-L. Lin B.
Klecker M. W. Dunlop M. Andre V. K. Jordanova\
 article=2015JA021333; doi=10.1002/2015JA021333; pubdate=23 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 131. Title=The Dst index underestimates the solar cycle variation of
geomagnetic activity\
 Authors=Michael Temerin Xinlin Li\
 article=2015JA021467; doi=10.1002/2015JA021467; pubdate=23 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 132. Title=Latitudinal dependence of short timescale fluctuations
during intense geomagnetic storms: A permutation entropy approach\
 Authors=Paola De Michelis Giuseppe Consolini Roberta Tozzi\
 article=2015JA021279; doi=10.1002/2015JA021279; pubdate=30 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: ModelWeb\
 \
 133. Title=A three-dimensional high Mach number asymmetric magnetopause
model from global MHD simulation\
 Authors=Z.-Q. Liu J. Y. Lu C. Wang K. Kabin J. S. Zhao M. Wang J. P.
Han J. Y. Wang M. X. Zhao\
 article=2014JA020961; doi=10.1002/2014JA020961; pubdate=31 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, NSSDCFTP, NSSDC\
 \
 134. Title=A method to predict thermospheric mass density response to
geomagnetic disturbances using time-integrated auroral electrojet index\
 Authors=Juho Iipponen Tiera Laitinen\
 article=2015JA021093; doi=10.1002/2015JA021093; pubdate=2 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 135. Title=Pathways of F region thermospheric mass density enhancement
via soft electron precipitation\
 Authors=B. Zhang R. H. Varney W. Lotko O. J. Brambles W. Wang J. Lei M.
Wiltberger J. G. Lyon\
 article=2015JA020999; doi=10.1002/2015JA020999; pubdate=14 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 136. Title=Mapping high-latitude ionospheric electrodynamics with
SuperDARN and AMPERE\
 Authors=E. D. P. Cousins Tomoko Matsuo A. D. Richmond\
 article=2014JA020463; doi=10.1002/2014JA020463; pubdate=14 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 137. Title=Solar activity dependency of multiday oscillations in the
nighttime thermospheric winds observed by Fabry-Perot interferometer\
 Authors=Xiao Liu Jiyao Xu Shun-Rong Zhang Qihou Zhou Wei Yuan\
 article=2015JA021375; doi=10.1002/2015JA021375; pubdate=14 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: SPDF\
 \
 138. Title=Fresh and evolutionary-type field-aligned irregularities
generated near sunrise terminator due to overshielding electric fields\
 Authors=S. Tulasi Ram K. K. Ajith M. Yamamoto Y. Otsuka T. Yokoyama K.
Niranjan S. Gurubaran\
 article=2015JA021427; doi=10.1002/2015JA021427; pubdate=20 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 139. Title=Substorm evolution of auroral structures\
 Authors=N. Partamies L. Juusola D. Whiter K. Kauristie\
 article=2015JA021217; doi=10.1002/2015JA021217; pubdate=22 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, IRI-2012\
 \
 140. Title=TEC prediction performance of IRI-2012 model during a very
low and a high solar activity phase over equatorial regions  Uganda\
 Authors=Yekoye Asmare Tariku\
 article=2015JA021203; doi=10.1002/2015JA021203; pubdate=23 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, International Reference Ionosphere, IRI-2007,
IRI-2012, IRI2012, VITMO\
 \
 141. Title=High correlations between temperature and nitric oxide in
the thermosphere\
 Authors=D. R. Weimer M. G. Mlynczak L. A. Hunt W. Kent Tobiska\
 article=2015JA021461; doi=10.1002/2015JA021461; pubdate=29 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 142. Title=High-latitude thermospheric wind observations and
simulations with SuperDARN data driven NCAR TIEGCM during the December
2006 magnetic storm\
 Authors=Qian Wu B. A. Emery S. G. Shepherd J. Michael Ruohoniemi N. A
Frissell J. Semeter\
 article=2015JA021026; doi=10.1002/2015JA021026; pubdate=7 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 143. Title=Interplanetary coronal mass ejections from MESSENGER orbital
observations at Mercury\
 Authors=Reka M. Winslow Noe Lugaz Lydia C. Philpott Nathan A. Schwadron
Charles J. Farrugia Brian J. Anderson Charles W. Smith\
 article=2015JA021200; doi=10.1002/2015JA021200; pubdate=20 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 144. Title=Interstellar hydrogen ionization in the heliosheath\
 Authors=Mike Gruntman\
 article=2015JA021539; doi=10.1002/2015JA021539; pubdate=25 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 145. Title=Probability density functions for the variable solar wind
near the solar cycle minimum\
 Authors=Z. V%C3%B6r%C3%B6s M. Leitner Y. Narita G. Consolini P.
Kov%C3%A1cs A. T%C3%B3th J. Lichtenberger\
 article=2015JA021257; doi=10.1002/2015JA021257; pubdate=27 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 146. Title=A statistical analysis of Pi2-band waves in the plasma sheet
and their relation to magnetospheric drivers\
 Authors=G. Q. Wang Y. S. Ge T. L. Zhang R. Nakamura M. Volwerk W.
Baumjohann A. M. Du Q. M. Lu\
 article=2014JA020753; doi=10.1002/2014JA020753; pubdate=4 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 147. Title=Statistical characteristics of slow earthward and tailward
flows in the plasma sheet\
 Authors=L. Q. Zhang W. Baumjohann J. Y. Wang H. Reme M. W. Dunlop T.
Chen\
 article=2015JA021354; doi=10.1002/2015JA021354; pubdate=8 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 148. Title=Statistical study of auroral fragmentation into patches\
 Authors=Ayumi Hashimoto Kazuo Shiokawa Yuichi Otsuka Shin-ichiro Oyama
Satonori Nozawa Tomoaki Hori Mark Lester Magnar Gullikstad Johnsen\
 article=2015JA021000; doi=10.1002/2015JA021000; pubdate=10 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 149. Title=Low-harmonic magnetosonic waves observed by the Van Allen
Probes\
 Authors=J. L Posch M. J. Engebretson C. N. Olson S. A. Thaller A. W.
Breneman J. R. Wygant S. A. Boardsen C. A. Kletzing C. W. Smith G. D.
Reeves\
 article=2015JA021179; doi=10.1002/2015JA021179; pubdate=13 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 150. Title=THEMIS two-point measurements of the cross-tail current
density: A thick bifurcated current sheet in the near-Earth plasma
sheet\
 Authors=Miho Saito\
 article=2015JA021142; doi=10.1002/2015JA021142; pubdate=15 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 151. Title=Van Allen Probes observation and modeling of chorus
excitation and propagation during weak geomagnetic activities\
 Authors=Yihua He Fuliang Xiao Qinghua Zhou Chang Yang Si Liu D. N.
Baker C. A. Kletzing W. S. Kurth G. B. Hospodarsky H. E. Spence G. D.
Reeves H. O. Funsten J. B. Blake\
 article=2015JA021376; doi=10.1002/2015JA021376; pubdate=20 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 152. Title=Empirical modeling of 3-D force-balanced plasma and magnetic
field structures during substorm growth phase\
 Authors=Chao Yue Chih-Ping Wang Yukitoshi Nishimura Kyle R. Murphy
Xiaoyan Xing Larry Lyons Michael Henderson Vassilis Angelopoulos A. T.
Y. Lui Tsugunobu Nagai\
 article=2015JA021226; doi=10.1002/2015JA021226; pubdate=25 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 153. Title=The effect of changing solar wind conditions on the inner
magnetosphere and ring current: A model data comparison\
 Authors=S. Patra E. Spencer\
 article=2015JA021299; doi=10.1002/2015JA021299; pubdate=26 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 154. Title=Acceleration of ions to suprathermal energies by turbulence
in the plasmoid-like magnetic structures\
 Authors=E. E. Grigorenko A. Yu. Malykhin E. A. Kronberg Kh. V. Malova
P. W. Daly\
 article=2015JA021314; doi=10.1002/2015JA021314; pubdate=26 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 155. Title=Three-dimensional Hall MHD simulation of lunar
minimagnetosphere: General characteristics and comparison with
Chang\\'E-2 observations\
 Authors=Lianghai Xie Lei Li Yiteng Zhang Yongyong Feng Xinyue Wang
Aibing Zhang Linggao Kong\
 article=2015JA021647; doi=10.1002/2015JA021647; pubdate=26 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 156. Title=Multipoint observations of the open-closed field line
boundary as observed by the Van Allen Probes and geostationary
satellites during the 14 November 2012 geomagnetic storm\
 Authors=P. Dixon E. A. MacDonald H. O. Funsten A. Glocer M. Grande C.
Kletzing B. A. Larsen G. Reeves R. M. Skoug H. Spence M. F. Thomsen\
 article=2014JA020883; doi=10.1002/2014JA020883; pubdate=31 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 157. Title=Dominant modes of variability in large-scale Birkeland
currents\
 Authors=E. D. P. Cousins Tomoko Matsuo A. D. Richmond B. J. Anderson\
 article=2014JA020462; doi=10.1002/2014JA020462; pubdate=7 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 158. Title=Formation of polar ionospheric tongue of ionization during
minor geomagnetic disturbed conditions\
 Authors=Jing Liu Takuji Nakamura Libo Liu Wenbin Wang Nanan Balan
Takanori Nishiyama Marc R. Hairston E. G. Thomas\
 article=2015JA021393; doi=10.1002/2015JA021393; pubdate=13 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 159. Title=Asymmetric penetration of shocked solar wind down to 400 km
altitudes at Mars\
 Authors=Kazunari Matsunaga Kanako Seki Takuya Hara David A. Brain\
 article=2014JA020757; doi=10.1002/2014JA020757; pubdate=13 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, SPDF\
 \
 160. Title=Dynamics of large-scale solar wind streams obtained by the
double superposed epoch analysis\
 Authors=Yu. I. Yermolaev I. G. Lodkina N. S. Nikolaeva M. Yu.
Yermolaev\
 article=2015JA021274; doi=10.1002/2015JA021274; pubdate=10 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 161. Title=Hypervelocity dust impacts on the Wind spacecraft:
Correlations between Ulysses and Wind interstellar dust detections\
 Authors=S. R. Wood David M. Malaspina Laila Andersson Mihaly Horanyi\
 article=2015JA021463; doi=10.1002/2015JA021463; pubdate=26 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 162. Title=Constraining the pickup ion abundance and temperature
through the multifluid reconstruction of the Voyager 2 termination shock
crossing\
 Authors=Bertalan Zieger Merav Opher G%C3%A1bor T%C3%B3th Robert B.
Decker John D. Richardson\
 article=2015JA021437; doi=10.1002/2015JA021437; pubdate=26 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: NSSDCFTP, (spdfftp)\
 \
 163. Title=Magnetospheric ULF waves with increasing amplitude related
to solar wind dynamic pressure changes: The Time History of Events and
Macroscale Interactions during Substorms (THEMIS) observations\
 Authors=X. C. Shen Q.-G. Zong Q. Q. Shi A. M. Tian W. J. Sun Y. F. Wang
X. Z. Zhou S. Y. Fu M. D. Hartinger V. Angelopoulos\
 article=2014JA020913; doi=10.1002/2014JA020913; pubdate=4 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 164. Title=Dawn-dusk asymmetry in bursty hot electron enhancements in
the midtail magnetosheath\
 Authors=Chih-Ping Wang Xiaoyan Xing T. K. M. Nakamura Larry R. Lyons\
 article=2015JA021522; doi=10.1002/2015JA021522; pubdate=5 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 165. Title=Source and seed populations for relativistic electrons:
Their roles in radiation belt changes\
 Authors=A. N. Jaynes D. N. Baker H. J. Singer J. V. Rodriguez T. M.
Loto\\'aniu A. F. Ali S. R. Elkington X. Li S. G. Kanekal S. G.
Claudepierre J. F. Fennell W. Li R. M. Thorne C. A. Kletzing H. E.
Spence G. D. Reeves\
 article=2015JA021234; doi=10.1002/2015JA021234; pubdate=9 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 166. Title=Ion acceleration dependence on magnetic shear angle in
dayside magnetopause reconnection\
 Authors=S. K. Vines S. A. Fuselier K. J. Trattner S. M. Petrinec J. F.
Drake\
 article=2015JA021464; doi=10.1002/2015JA021464; pubdate=9 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 167. Title=Estimation of interplanetary electric field conditions for
historical geomagnetic storms\
 Authors=Sandeep Kumar B. Veenadhari S. Tulasi Ram R. Selvakumaran
Shyamoli Mukherjee Rajesh Singh B. D. Kadam\
 article=2015JA021661; doi=10.1002/2015JA021661; pubdate=10 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 168. Title=Subpacket structures in EMIC rising tone emissions observed
by the THEMIS probes\
 Authors=Satoko Nakamura Yoshiharu Omura Masafumi Shoji Masahito Nose
Danny Summers Vassilis Angelopoulos\
 article=2014JA020764; doi=10.1002/2014JA020764; pubdate=17 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 169. Title=Relativistic electron flux dropouts in the outer radiation
belt associated with corotating interaction regions\
 Authors=C.-J. Yuan Q.-G. Zong W.-X. Wan H. Zhang A.-M. Du\
 article=2015JA021003; doi=10.1002/2015JA021003; pubdate=18 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, OMNI2, SPDF\
 \
 170. Title=On the contribution of plasma sheet bubbles to the storm
time ring current\
 Authors=Jian Yang Frank R. Toffoletto Richard A. Wolf Stanislav
Sazykin\
 article=2015JA021398; doi=10.1002/2015JA021398; pubdate=18 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, International Reference Ionosphere\
 \
 171. Title=An extensive survey of dayside diffuse aurora based on
optical observations at Yellow River Station\
 Authors=De-Sheng Han Xiang-Cai Chen Jian-Jun Liu Qi Qiu K. Keika Ze-Jun
Hu Jun-Ming Liu Hong-Qiao Hu Hui-Gen Yang\
 article=2015JA021699; doi=10.1002/2015JA021699; pubdate=21 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 172. Title=THEMIS observation of intermittent turbulence behind the
quasi-parallel and quasi-perpendicular shocks\
 Authors=W. M. Macek A. Wawrzaszek D. G. Sibeck\
 article=2015JA021656; doi=10.1002/2015JA021656; pubdate=26 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 173. Title=Electromagnetic cyclotron waves in the dayside subsolar
outer magnetosphere generated by enhanced solar wind pressure: EMIC wave
coherency\
 Authors=B. Remya B. T. Tsurutani R. V. Reddy G. S. Lakhina R. Hajra\
 article=2015JA021327; doi=10.1002/2015JA021327; pubdate=26 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 174. Title=First joint in situ and global observations of the
medium-energy oxygen and hydrogen in the inner magnetosphere\
 Authors=P. W. Valek J. Goldstein J.-M. Jahn D. J. McComas H. E. Spence\
 article=2015JA021151; doi=10.1002/2015JA021151; pubdate=29 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 175. Title=Magnetosheath plasma structures and their relation to
foreshock processes\
 Authors=O. Gutynska D. G. Sibeck N. Omidi\
 article=2014JA020880; doi=10.1002/2014JA020880; pubdate=29 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 176. Title=Large-amplitude GPS TEC variations associated with Pc5-6
magnetic field variations observed on the ground and at geosynchronous
orbit\
 Authors=Chris Watson P. T. Jayachandran Howard J. Singer Robert J.
Redmon Donald Danskin\
 article=2015JA021517; doi=10.1002/2015JA021517; pubdate=4 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 177. Title=Low-latitude Pi2 oscillations observed by polar Low Earth
Orbiting satellite\
 Authors=Neethal Thomas Geeta Vichare A. K. Sinha Rahul Rawat\
 article=2014JA020958; doi=10.1002/2014JA020958; pubdate=5 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 178. Title=A model of high-latitude thermospheric density\
 Authors=Yosuke Yamazaki Michael J. Kosch Eric K. Sutton\
 article=2015JA021371; doi=10.1002/2015JA021371; pubdate=9 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 179. Title=A simulation study of the thermosphere mass density response
to substorms using GITM\
 Authors=Xianjing Liu Aaron Ridley\
 article=2014JA020962; doi=10.1002/2014JA020962; pubdate=18 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 180. Title=A statistical survey of reconnection exhausts in the solar
wind based on the Riemannian decay of current sheets\
 Authors=Yu. L. Sasunov V. S. Semenov M. F. Heyn N. V. Erkaev I. V.
Kubyshkin K. Yu. Slivka D. B. Korovinskiy M. L. Khodachenko\
 article=2015JA021504; doi=10.1002/2015JA021504; pubdate=3 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 181. Title=A new stationary analytical model of the heliospheric
current sheet and the plasma sheet\
 Authors=Roman A. Kislov Olga V. Khabarova Helmi V. Malova\
 article=2015JA021294; doi=10.1002/2015JA021294; pubdate=15 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI2\
 \
 182. Title=Cosmic ray heliospheric transport study with neutron monitor
data\
 Authors=H. S. Ahluwalia R. C. Ygbuhay R. Modzelewska L. I. Dorman M. V.
Alania\
 article=2015JA021603; doi=10.1002/2015JA021603; pubdate=24 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 183. Title=Did the July 2012 solar events cause a
%E2%80%9Ctsunami%E2%80%9D throughout the heliosphere  heliosheath  and
into the interstellar medium%3F\
 Authors=Devrie S. Intriligator Wei Sun Murray Dryer James Intriligator
Charles Deehr Thomas Detman William R. Webber\
 article=2015JA021406; doi=10.1002/2015JA021406; pubdate=27 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: NSSDC, SPDF, COHO\
 \
 184. Title=Energetic particles  tangential discontinuities  and solar
flux tubes\
 Authors=M. Neugebauer J. Giacalone\
 article=2015JA021632; doi=10.1002/2015JA021632; pubdate=27 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 185. Title=Toward more reliable long-term indices of geomagnetic
activity: Correcting a new inhomogeneity problem in early geomagnetic
data\
 Authors=L. Holappa K. Mursula\
 article=2015JA021752; doi=10.1002/2015JA021752; pubdate=28 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI2\
 \
 186. Title=Cluster observations of unusually high concentration of
energetic O%2B carried by flux ropes in the nightside high-latitude
magnetosheath during a storm initial phase\
 Authors=Suping Duan Lei Dai Chi Wang A. T. Y. Lui Zhenxing Liu Zhaohai
He Yongcun Zhang I. Dandouras H. Reme\
 article=2015JA021306; doi=10.1002/2015JA021306; pubdate=3 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 187. Title=Excitation of dayside chorus waves due to magnetic field
line compression in response to interplanetary shocks\
 Authors=Chen Zhou Wen Li Richard M. Thorne Jacob Bortnik Qianli Ma Xin
An Xiao-jia Zhang Vassilis Angelopoulos Binbin Ni Xudong Gu Song Fu
Zhengyu Zhao\
 article=2015JA021530; doi=10.1002/2015JA021530; pubdate=3 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 188. Title=Giant pulsations on the afternoonside: Geostationary
satellite and ground observations\
 Authors=Tetsuo Motoba Kazue Takahashi Juan V. Rodriguez Christopher T.
Russell\
 article=2015JA021592; doi=10.1002/2015JA021592; pubdate=5 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 189. Title=A forecasting model of the magnetosphere driven by an
optimal solar wind coupling function\
 Authors=N. A. Tsyganenko V. A. Andreeva\
 article=2015JA021641; doi=10.1002/2015JA021641; pubdate=7 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, NSSDC, SPDF\
 \
 190. Title=Statistical study of ELF%2FVLF emissions at subauroral
latitudes in Athabasca  Canada\
 Authors=Claudia Martinez-Calderon Kazuo Shiokawa Yoshizumi Miyoshi
Mitsunori Ozaki Ian Schofield Martin Connors\
 article=2015JA021347; doi=10.1002/2015JA021347; pubdate=15 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 191. Title=A novel data assimilation technique for the plasmasphere\
 Authors=Romina Nikoukar Gary Bust David Murr\
 article=2015JA021455; doi=10.1002/2015JA021455; pubdate=15 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, International Reference Ionosphere\
 \
 192. Title=Estimation of pitch angle diffusion rates and precipitation
time scales of electrons due to EMIC waves in a realistic field model\
 Authors=Suk-Bin Kang Kyoung-Wook Min Mei-Ching Fok Junga Hwang
Cheong-Rim Choi\
 article=2014JA020644; doi=10.1002/2014JA020644; pubdate=24 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 193. Title=On the formation and origin of substorm growth phase%2Fonset
auroral arcs inferred from conjugate space-ground observations\
 Authors=T. Motoba S. Ohtani B. J. Anderson H. Korth D. Mitchell L. J.
Lanzerotti K. Shiokawa M. Connors C. A. Kletzing G. D. Reeves\
 article=2015JA021676; doi=10.1002/2015JA021676; pubdate=27 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 194. Title=Modeling the effects of ionospheric oxygen outflow on bursty
magnetotail flows\
 Authors=K. Garcia-Sage T. E. Moore A. Pembroke V. G. Merkin W. J.
Hughes\
 article=2015JA021228; doi=10.1002/2015JA021228; pubdate=27 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 195. Title=%E2%80%9CTrunk-like%E2%80%9D heavy ion structures observed
by the Van Allen Probes\
 Authors=J.-C. Zhang L. M. Kistler H. E. Spence R. A. Wolf G. Reeves R.
Skoug H. Funsten B. A. Larsen J. T. Niehof E. A. MacDonald R. Friedel C.
P. Ferradas H. Luo\
 article=2015JA021822; doi=10.1002/2015JA021822; pubdate=27 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 196. Title=Correlated Pc4-5 ULF waves  whistler-mode chorus  and
pulsating aurora observed by the Van Allen Probes and ground-based
systems\
 Authors=A. N. Jaynes M. R. Lessard K. Takahashi A. F. Ali D. M.
Malaspina R. G. Michell E. L. Spanswick D. N. Baker J. B. Blake C. Cully
E. F. Donovan C. A. Kletzing G. D. Reeves M. Samara H. E. Spence J. R.
Wygant\
 article=2015JA021380; doi=10.1002/2015JA021380; pubdate=28 OCT 2015\
 \
 197. Title=The dawn-dusk length of the X line in the near-Earth
magnetotail: Geotail survey in 1994-2014\
 Authors=Tsugunobu Nagai Iku Shinohara Seiji Zenitani\
 article=2015JA021606; doi=10.1002/2015JA021606; pubdate=28 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: SSCWeb\
 \
 198. Title=ULF foreshock under radial IMF: THEMIS observations and
global kinetic simulation Vlasiator results compared\
 Authors=M. Palmroth M. Archer R. Vainio H. Hietala Y. Pfau-Kempf S.
Hoilijoki O. Hannuksela U. Ganse A. Sandroos S. von Alfthan J. P.
Eastwood\
 article=2015JA021526; doi=10.1002/2015JA021526; pubdate=28 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 199. Title=Early morning irregularities detected with spaceborne GPS
measurements in the topside ionosphere: A multisatellite case study\
 Authors=Irina Zakharenkova Elvira Astafyeva Iurii Cherniak\
 article=2015JA021447; doi=10.1002/2015JA021447; pubdate=7 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 200. Title=Thermospheric and geomagnetic responses to interplanetary
coronal mass ejections observed by ACE and GRACE: Statistical results\
 Authors=S. Krauss M. Temmer A. Veronig O. Baur H. Lammer\
 article=2015JA021702; doi=10.1002/2015JA021702; pubdate=9 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI\
 \
 201. Title=Comparison of fine structures of electron cyclotron harmonic
emissions in aurora\
 Authors=J. LaBelle M. Dundek\
 article=2015JA021631; doi=10.1002/2015JA021631; pubdate=10 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, International Reference Ionosphere, VITMO\
 \
 202. Title=Modeling of long-path propagation characteristics of VLF
radio waves as observed from Indian Antarctic station Maitri\
 Authors=Sudipta Sasmal Sourav Palit Sandip K. Chakrabarti\
 article=2015JA021400; doi=10.1002/2015JA021400; pubdate=12 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, International Reference Ionosphere, VITMO\
 \
 203. Title=Observations of storm time midlatitude ion-neutral coupling
using SuperDARN radars and NATION Fabry-Perot interferometers\
 Authors=P. P. Joshi J. B. H. Baker J. M. Ruohoniemi J. J. Makela D. J.
Fisher B. J. Harding N. A. Frissell E. G. Thomas\
 article=2015JA021475; doi=10.1002/2015JA021475; pubdate=24 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 204. Title=Ionospheric response to the 2015 St. Patrick\\'s Day storm:
A global multi-instrumental overview\
 Authors=Elvira Astafyeva Irina Zakharenkova Matthias F%C3%B6rster\
 article=2015JA021629; doi=10.1002/2015JA021629; pubdate=26 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 205. Title=Virtual array beamforming of GPS TEC observations of
coseismic ionospheric disturbances near the Geomagnetic South Pole
triggered by teleseismic megathrusts\
 Authors=Demi%C3%A1n G%C3%B3mez Robert Smalley Charles A. Langston Terry
J. Wilson Michael Bevis Ian W. D. Dalziel Eric C. Kendrick Stephanie A.
Konfal Michael J. Willis Diego A. Pi%C3%B1%C3%B3n Sergio R. Cimbaro Dana
Caccamise\
 article=2015JA021725; doi=10.1002/2015JA021725; pubdate=26 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: ModelWeb, NSSDCFTP, International Reference Ionosphere\
 \
 206. Title=Correlation between Poynting flux and soft electron
precipitation in the dayside polar cap boundary regions\
 Authors=Yue Deng Cheng Sheng Yi-Jiun Su Marc R. Hairston Delores Knipp
Cheryl Y. Huang Daniel Ober Rob J. Redmon Robin Coley\
 article=2015JA021075; doi=10.1002/2015JA021075; pubdate=27 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 207. Title=Day-to-day variability of equatorial electrojet and its role
on the day-to-day characteristics of the equatorial ionization anomaly
over the Indian and Brazilian sectors\
 Authors=K. Venkatesh P. R. Fagundes D. S. V. V .D. Prasad C. M.
Denardini A. J. Abreu R. Jesus M. Gende\
 article=2015JA021307; doi=10.1002/2015JA021307; pubdate=27 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, IRI-2012\
 \
 208. Title=Scintillation and loss of signal lock from poleward moving
auroral forms in the cusp ionosphere\
 Authors=K. Oksavik C. Meeren D. A. Lorentzen L. J. Baddeley J. Moen\
 article=2015JA021528; doi=10.1002/2015JA021528; pubdate=27 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 209. Title=On the collocation of the cusp aurora and the GPS phase
scintillation: A statistical study\
 Authors=Yaqi Jin J%C3%B8ran I. Moen Wojciech J. Miloch\
 article=2015JA021449; doi=10.1002/2015JA021449; pubdate=30 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 210. Title=Properties and geoeffectiveness of magnetic clouds during
solar cycles 23 and 24\
 Authors=N. Gopalswamy S. Yashiro H. Xie S. Akiyama P. Makela\
 article=2015JA021446; doi=10.1002/2015JA021446; pubdate=3 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 211. Title=Exploring the effect of current sheet thickness on the
high-frequency Fourier spectrum breakpoint of the solar wind\
 Authors=Joseph E. Borovsky John J. Podesta\
 article=2015JA021622; doi=10.1002/2015JA021622; pubdate=3 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI, OMNI2\
 \
 212. Title=Spatial distribution of magnetic fluctuation power with
period 40 to 600%E2%80%89s in the magnetosphere observed by THEMIS\
 Authors=G. Q. Wang T. L. Zhang Y. S. Ge\
 article=2015JA021584; doi=10.1002/2015JA021584; pubdate=3 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 213. Title=The impact of solar wind ULF Bz fluctuations on geomagnetic
activity for viscous timescales during strongly northward and southward
IMF\
 Authors=A. Osmane A. P. Dimmock R. Naderpour T. I. Pulkkinen K. Nykyri\
 article=2015JA021505; doi=10.1002/2015JA021505; pubdate=3 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 214. Title=Simulations of inner radiation belt proton loss during
geomagnetic storms\
 Authors=M. A. Engel B. T. Kress M. K. Hudson R. S. Selesnick\
 article=2015JA021568; doi=10.1002/2015JA021568; pubdate=3 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 215. Title=Tomographic reconstruction of storm time RC ion distribution
from ENA images on board multiple spacecraft\
 Authors=Shu-Ying Ma Wei-Nan Yan Liang Xu\
 article=2015JA021601; doi=10.1002/2015JA021601; pubdate=4 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 216. Title=How the IMF By induces a By component in the closed
magnetosphere and how it leads to asymmetric currents and convection
patterns in the two hemispheres\
 Authors=P. Tenfjord N. %C3%98stgaard K. Snekvik K. M. Laundal J. P.
Reistad S. Haaland S. E. Milan\
 article=2015JA021579; doi=10.1002/2015JA021579; pubdate=12 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 217. Title=Magnetospheric line radiation: 6.5%C2%A0years of
observations by the DEMETER spacecraft\
 Authors=B. Bezd%C4%9Bkov%C3%A1 F. N%C4%9Bmec M. Parrot O. Santol%C3%ADk
O. Kruparova\
 article=2015JA021246; doi=10.1002/2015JA021246; pubdate=17 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 218. Title=Peculiarities of magnetic barrier formation for southward
and northward directions of the IMF\
 Authors=K. Yu. Slivka V. S. Semenov N. V. Erkaev N. P. Dmitrieva I. V.
Kubyshkin H. Lammer\
 article=2015JA021250; doi=10.1002/2015JA021250; pubdate=17 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 219. Title=Swarm observations of field-aligned currents associated with
pulsating auroral patches\
 Authors=D. M. Gillies D. Knudsen E. Spanswick E. Donovan J. Burchill M.
Patrick\
 article=2015JA021416; doi=10.1002/2015JA021416; pubdate=18 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 220. Title=Parallel-dominant and perpendicular-dominant components of
the fast bulk flow: Comparing with the PSBL beams\
 Authors=L. Q. Zhang L. Dai W. Baumjohann H. Reme M. W. Dunlop X. H.
Wei\
 article=2015JA021669; doi=10.1002/2015JA021669; pubdate=18 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 221. Title=Responses of relativistic electron fluxes in the outer
radiation belt to geomagnetic storms\
 Authors=Ying Xiong Lun Xie Zuyin Pu Suiyan Fu Lunjin Chen Binbin Ni Wen
Li Jinxing Li Ruilong Guo G. K. Parks\
 article=2015JA021440; doi=10.1002/2015JA021440; pubdate=19 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 222. Title=Planetary period oscillations in Saturn\\'s magnetosphere:
Examining the relationship between abrupt changes in behavior and solar
wind-induced magnetospheric compressions and expansions\
 Authors=G. Provan C. Tao S. W. H. Cowley M. K. Dougherty A. J. Coates\
 article=2015JA021642; doi=10.1002/2015JA021642; pubdate=21 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 223. Title=Multiscale field-aligned current analyzer\
 Authors=C. Bunescu O. Marghitu D. Constantinescu Y. Narita J. Vogt A.
Bl%C4%83g%C4%83u\
 article=2015JA021670; doi=10.1002/2015JA021670; pubdate=25 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 224. Title=A direct link between chorus emissions and pulsating aurora
on timescales from milliseconds to minutes: A case study at subauroral
latitudes\
 Authors=Mitsunori Ozaki Satoshi Yagitani Kaoru Sawai Kazuo Shiokawa
Yoshizumi Miyoshi Ryuho Kataoka Akimasa Ieda Yusuke Ebihara Martin
Connors Ian Schofield Yuto Katoh Yuichi Otsuka Naoki Sunagawa Vania K.
Jordanova\
 article=2015JA021381; doi=10.1002/2015JA021381; pubdate=27 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 225. Title=Long-term variations in the intensity of polar cap plasma
flows inferred from SuperDARN\
 Authors=A. V. Koustov R. A. D. Fiori Z. Abooali zadeh\
 article=2015JA021625; doi=10.1002/2015JA021625; pubdate=3 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, NSSDC\
 \
 226. Title=Simultaneous ground-based optical and HF radar observations
of the ionospheric footprint of the open%2Fclosed field line boundary
along the geomagnetic meridian\
 Authors=X.-C. Chen D. A. Lorentzen J. I. Moen K. Oksavik L. J.
Baddeley\
 article=2015JA021481; doi=10.1002/2015JA021481; pubdate=12 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, International Reference Ionosphere, IRI2012\
 \
 227. Title=Solar control of F region radar backscatter: Further
insights from observations in the southern polar cap\
 Authors=Leslie J. Lamarche Roman A. Makarevich\
 article=2015JA021663; doi=10.1002/2015JA021663; pubdate=13 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility,
International Reference Ionosphere, IRI-2007 \
 \
 228. Title=On the relationship between weakening of the northern polar
vortex and the lunar tidal amplification in the equatorial electrojet\
 Authors=Tarique A. Siddiqui Claudia Stolle Hermann L%C3%BChr
J%C3%BCrgen Matzka\
 article=2015JA021683; doi=10.1002/2015JA021683; pubdate=18 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 229. Title=Data-driven modeling of the solar wind from 1%C2%A0Rs to
1%C2%A0AU\
 Authors=Xueshang Feng Xiaopeng Ma Changqing Xiang\
 article=2015JA021911; doi=10.1002/2015JA021911; pubdate=9 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF \
 \
 230. Title=Counterstreaming electrons in small interplanetary magnetic
flux ropes\
 Authors=H. Q. Feng G. Q. Zhao J. M. Wang\
 article=2015JA021643; doi=10.1002/2015JA021643; pubdate=15 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 231. Title=MESSENGER survey of in situ low frequency wave storms
between 0.3 and 0.7 AU\
 Authors=S. A. Boardsen L. K. Jian J. L. Raines D. J. Gershman T. H.
Zurbuchen D. A. Roberts H. Korth\
 article=2015JA021506; doi=10.1002/2015JA021506; pubdate=16 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 232. Title=The solar wind during current and past solar minima and
maxima\
 Authors=J.-L. Zerbo J. D. Richardson\
 article=2015JA021407; doi=10.1002/2015JA021407; pubdate=23 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 234. Title=Multiple loss processes of relativistic electrons outside
the heart of outer radiation belt during a storm sudden commencement\
 Authors=J. Yu L.Y. Li J. B. Cao Z. G. Yuan G. D. Reeves D. N. Baker J.
B. Blake H. Spence\
 article=2015JA021460; doi=10.1002/2015JA021460; pubdate=4 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 235. Title=Are there new findings in the search for ULF magnetic
precursors to earthquakes%3F\
 Authors=F. Masci J. N. Thomas\
 article=2015JA021336; doi=10.1002/2015JA021336; pubdate=8 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, FTPBrowser\
 \
 236. Title=Multifrequency compressional magnetic field oscillations and
their relation to multiharmonic toroidal mode standing Alfven waves\
 Authors=Kazue Takahashi Colin Waters Karl-Heinz Glassmeier Craig A.
Kletzing William S. Kurth Charles W. Smith\
 article=2015JA021780; doi=10.1002/2015JA021780; pubdate=14 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 237. Title=Principal component analysis of Birkeland currents
determined by the Active Magnetosphere and Planetary Electrodynamics
Response Experiment\
 Authors=S. E. Milan J. A. Carter H. Korth B. J. Anderson\
 article=2015JA021680; doi=10.1002/2015JA021680; pubdate=16 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 238. Title=Empirical model of lower band chorus wave distribution in
the outer radiation belt\
 Authors=O. V. Agapitov A. V. Artemyev D. Mourenas F. S. Mozer V.
Krasnoselskikh\
 article=2015JA021829; doi=10.1002/2015JA021829; pubdate=17 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 239. Title=The statistical difference between bending arcs and regular
polar arcs\
 Authors=A. Kullen R. C. Fear S. E. Milan J. A. Carter T. Karlsson\
 article=2015JA021298; doi=10.1002/2015JA021298; pubdate=18 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 240. Title=Heavy-ion dominance near Cluster perigees\
 Authors=C. P. Ferradas J.-C. Zhang L. M. Kistler H. E. Spence\
 article=2015JA021063; doi=10.1002/2015JA021063; pubdate=22 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 241. Title=Can ring current stabilize magnetotail during steady
magnetospheric convection%3F\
 Authors=S. Dubyagin N. Ganushkina M. Liemohn M. Kubyshkina\
 article=2015JA022003; doi=10.1002/2015JA022003; pubdate=29 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 242. Title=Dynamic plasmapause model based on THEMIS measurements\
 Authors=X. Liu W. Liu J. B. Cao H. S. Fu J. Yu X. Li\
 article=2015JA021801; doi=10.1002/2015JA021801; pubdate=29 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 243. Title=Testing the magnetotail configuration based on observations
of low-altitude isotropic boundaries during quiet times\
 Authors=R. Ilie N. Ganushkina G. Toth S. Dubyagin M. W. Liemohn\
 article=2015JA021858; doi=10.1002/2015JA021858; pubdate=29 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 244. Title=Severe and localized GNSS scintillation at the poleward edge
of the nightside auroral oval during intense substorm aurora\
 Authors=Christer Meeren Kjellmar Oksavik Dag A. Lorentzen Michael T.
Rietveld Lasse B. N. Clausen\
 article=2015JA021819; doi=10.1002/2015JA021819; pubdate=1 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 245. Title=Estimation of cold plasma outflow during geomagnetic storms\
 Authors=S. Haaland A. Eriksson M. Andre L. Maes L. Baddeley A. Barakat
R. Chappell V. Eccles C. Johnsen B. Lybekk K. Li A. Pedersen R. Schunk
D. Welling\
 article=2015JA021810; doi=10.1002/2015JA021810; pubdate=1 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 246. Title=Semiannual and solar activity variations of daytime plasma
observed by DEMETER in the ionosphere-plasmasphere transition region\
 Authors=L. Y. Li J. B. Cao J. Y. Yang J. J. Berthelier J.-P. Lebreton\
 article=2015JA021102; doi=10.1002/2015JA021102; pubdate=1 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI, ModelWeb\
 \
 247. Title=Effects of solar wind high-speed streams on the
high-latitude ionosphere: Superposed epoch study\
 Authors=M. Grandin A. T. Aikio A. Kozlovsky T. Ulich T. Raita\
 article=2015JA021785; doi=10.1002/2015JA021785; pubdate=4 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF, International Reference
Ionosphere, IRI-2012, VITMO\
 \
 248. Title=Polar cap precursor of nightside auroral oval
intensifications using polar cap arcs\
 Authors=Ying Zou Yukitoshi Nishimura Larry R. Lyons Eric F. Donovan
Kazuo Shiokawa J. Michael Ruohoniemi Kathryn A. McWilliams Nozomu
Nishitani\
 article=2015JA021816; doi=10.1002/2015JA021816; pubdate=11 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 249. Title=Impact of the semidiurnal lunar tide on the midlatitude
thermospheric wind and ionosphere during sudden stratosphere warmings\
 Authors=N. M. Pedatella A. Maute\
 article=2015JA021986; doi=10.1002/2015JA021986; pubdate=14 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 250. Title=Modelling total electron content during geomagnetic storm
conditions using empirical orthogonal functions and neural networks\
 Authors=Jean Claude Uwamahoro John Bosco Habarulema\
 article=2015JA021961; doi=10.1002/2015JA021961; pubdate=23 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, International Reference Ionosphere, IRI-2001,
IRI-2007, IRI-2012\
 \
 251. Title=Modes of high-latitude auroral conductance variability
derived from DMSP energetic electron precipitation observations:
Empirical orthogonal function analysis\
 Authors=Ryan McGranaghan Delores J. Knipp Tomoko Matsuo Humberto
Godinez Robert J. Redmon Stanley C. Solomon Steven K. Morley\
 article=2015JA021828; doi=10.1002/2015JA021828; pubdate=23 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, NSSDC, Space Physics Data Facility,
International Reference Ionosphere\
 \

\

**Science Enabled Research Papers in [Geophysical Research
Letters](http://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/agu/journal/10.1002/%28ISSN%291944-8007/)for
2015**

​1. Title=North-south asymmetry of the high-latitude thermospheric
density: IMF BY effect\
 Authors=Yosuke Yamazaki Michael J. Kosch Eric K. Sutton\
 article=2014GL062748; doi=10.1002/2014GL062748; pubdate=23 JAN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 2. Title=Intermediate-scale plasma irregularities in the polar
ionosphere inferred from GPS radio occultation\
 Authors=E. B. Shume A. Komjathy R. B. Langley O. Verkhoglyadova M. D.
Butala A. J. Mannucci\
 article=2014GL062558; doi=10.1002/2014GL062558; pubdate=9 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 3. Title=A dayside plasma depletion observed at midlatitudes during
quiet geomagnetic conditions\
 Authors=Jaeheung Park Claudia Stolle Chao Xiong Hermann L%C3%BChr
Robert F. Pfaff Stephan Buchert Carlos R. Martinis\
 article=2014GL062655; doi=10.1002/2014GL062655; pubdate=21 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 4. Title=Modeling inward diffusion and slow decay of energetic
electrons in the Earth\\'s outer radiation belt\
 Authors=Q. Ma W. Li R. M. Thorne B. Ni C. A. Kletzing W. S. Kurth G. B.
Hospodarsky G. D. Reeves M. G. Henderson H. E. Spence D. N. Baker J. B.
Blake J. F. Fennell S. G. Claudepierre V. Angelopoulos\
 article=2014GL062977; doi=10.1002/2014GL062977; pubdate=25 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, OMNI2, SPDF, (ftp), CDAWEB\
 \
 5. Title=Swarm in situ observations of F region polar cap patches
created by cusp precipitation\
 Authors=L. V. Goodwin B. Iserhienrhien D. M. Miles S. Patra C. Meeren
S. C. Buchert J. K. Burchill L. B. N. Clausen D. J. Knudsen K. A.
McWilliams J. Moen\
 article=2014GL062610; doi=10.1002/2014GL062610; pubdate=26 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 6. Title=Van Allen Probes show that the inner radiation zone contains
no MeV electrons: ECT%2FMagEIS data\
 Authors=J. F. Fennell S. G. Claudepierre J. B. Blake T. P. O\\'Brien J.
H. Clemmons D. N. Baker H. E. Spence G. D. Reeves\
 article=2014GL062874; doi=10.1002/2014GL062874; pubdate=9 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: NSSDC, AE-8\
 \
 7. Title=Effects of small thundercloud electrostatic fields on the
ionospheric density profile\
 Authors=Mohammad A. Salem Ningyu Liu Hamid K. Rassoul\
 article=2015GL063268; doi=10.1002/2015GL063268; pubdate=25 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, VITMO (msis)\
 \
 8. Title=Momentum transfer from solar wind to interplanetary field
enhancements inferred from magnetic field draping signatures\
 Authors=H. R. Lai C. T. Russell Y. D. Jia H. Y. Wei V. Angelopoulos\
 article=2015GL063302; doi=10.1002/2015GL063302; pubdate=18 MAR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 9. Title=Energetic electron injections deep into the inner
magnetosphere associated with substorm activity\
 Authors=D. L. Turner S. G. Claudepierre J. F. Fennell T. P. O\\'Brien
J. B. Blake C. Lemon M. Gkioulidou K. Takahashi G. D. Reeves S. Thaller
A. Breneman J. R. Wygant W. Li A. Runov V. Angelopoulos\
 article=2015GL063225; doi=10.1002/2015GL063225; pubdate=1 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 10. Title=Shape of the terrestrial plasma sheet in the near-Earth
magnetospheric tail as imaged by the Interstellar Boundary Explorer\
 Authors=M. A. Dayeh S. A. Fuselier H. O. Funsten D. J. McComas K.
Ogasawara S. M. Petrinec N. A. Schwadron P. Valek\
 article=2015GL063682; doi=10.1002/2015GL063682; pubdate=11 APR 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 11. Title=Unraveling the drivers of the storm time radiation belt
response\
 Authors=E. K. J. Kilpua H. Hietala D. L. Turner H. E. J. Koskinen T. I.
Pulkkinen J. V. Rodriguez G. D. Reeves S. G. Claudepierre H. E. Spence\
 article=2015GL063542; doi=10.1002/2015GL063542; pubdate=4 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 12. Title=Universal properties of mirror mode turbulence in the
Earth\\'s magnetosheath\
 Authors=A. Osmane A. P. Dimmock T. I. Pulkkinen\
 article=2015GL063771; doi=10.1002/2015GL063771; pubdate=4 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 13. Title=Magnetic field fluctuation features at Swarm\\'s altitude: A
fractal approach\
 Authors=Paola De Michelis Giuseppe Consolini Roberta Tozzi\
 article=2015GL063603; doi=10.1002/2015GL063603; pubdate=7 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 14. Title=Disappearance of plasmaspheric hiss following interplanetary
shock\
 Authors=Zhenpeng Su Hui Zhu Fuliang Xiao Huinan Zheng Yuming Wang Chao
Shen Min Zhang Shui Wang C. A. Kletzing W. S. Kurth G. B. Hospodarsky H.
E. Spence G. D. Reeves H. O. Funsten J. B. Blake D. N. Baker J. R.
Wygant\
 article=2015GL063906; doi=10.1002/2015GL063906; pubdate=12 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 15. Title=The upstream-propagating Alfvenic fluctuations with power law
spectra in the upstream region of the Earth\\'s bow shock\
 Authors=Xin Wang Chuanyi Tu Linghua Wang Jiansen He Eckart Marsch\
 article=2015GL063893; doi=10.1002/2015GL063893; pubdate=20 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: SPDF (ftp)\
 \
 16. Title=Two-dimensional configuration of the magnetotail current
sheet: THEMIS observations\
 Authors=A. V. Artemyev A. A. Petrukovich R. Nakamura L. M. Zelenyi\
 article=2015GL063994; doi=10.1002/2015GL063994; pubdate=21 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 17. Title=Mapping auroral activity with Twitter\
 Authors=N. A. Case E. A. MacDonald M. Heavner A. H. Tapia N. Lalone\
 article=2015GL063709; doi=10.1002/2015GL063709; pubdate=21 MAY 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 18. Title=Extreme geomagnetic disturbances due to shocks within CMEs\
 Authors=N. Lugaz C. J. Farrugia C.-L. Huang H. E. Spence\
 article=2015GL064530; doi=10.1002/2015GL064530; pubdate=19 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb\
 \
 19. Title=Relativistic electron precipitations in association with
diffuse aurora: Conjugate observation of SAMPEX and the all-sky TV
camera at Syowa Station\
 Authors=Satoshi Kurita Akira Kadokura Yoshizumi Miyoshi Akira Morioka
Yuka Sato Hiroaki Misawa\
 article=2015GL064564; doi=10.1002/2015GL064564; pubdate=19 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 20. Title=Asymmetric magnetospheric compressions and expansions in
response to impact of inclined interplanetary shock\
 Authors=A. A. Samsonov V. A. Sergeev M. M. Kuznetsova D. G. Sibeck\
 article=2015GL064294; doi=10.1002/2015GL064294; pubdate=25 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 21. Title=Solar wind energy input to the magnetosheath and at the
magnetopause\
 Authors=T. I. Pulkkinen A. P. Dimmock A. Osmane K. Nykyri\
 article=2015GL064226; doi=10.1002/2015GL064226; pubdate=26 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF, (ftp)\
 \
 22. Title=A new physics-based modeling approach for tsunami-ionosphere
coupling\
 Authors=X. Meng A. Komjathy O. P. Verkhoglyadova Y.-M. Yang Y. Deng A.
J. Mannucci\
 article=2015GL064610; doi=10.1002/2015GL064610; pubdate=30 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 23. Title=Three-dimensional test particle simulation of the 17-18 March
2013 CME shock-driven storm\
 Authors=Zhao Li Mary Hudson Brian Kress Jan Paral\
 article=2015GL064627; doi=10.1002/2015GL064627; pubdate=16 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 24. Title=Storm-to-storm main phase repeatability of the local time
variation of disturbed low-latitude vertical ion drifts\
 Authors=Chao-Song Huang\
 article=2015GL064674; doi=10.1002/2015GL064674; pubdate=22 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 25. Title=Accurately specifying storm-time ULF wave radial diffusion in
the radiation belts\
 Authors=Stavros Dimitrakoudis Ian R. Mann Georgios Balasis Constantinos
Papadimitriou Anastasios Anastasiadis Ioannis A. Daglis\
 article=2015GL064707; doi=10.1002/2015GL064707; pubdate=23 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, (ftp)\
 \
 26. Title=Observations of coincident EMIC wave activity and duskside
energetic electron precipitation on 18-19 January 2013\
 Authors=L. W. Blum A. Halford R. Millan J. W. Bonnell J. Goldstein M.
Usanova M. Engebretson M. Ohnsted G. Reeves H. Singer M. Clilverd X. Li\
 article=2015GL065245; doi=10.1002/2015GL065245; pubdate=30 JUL 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 27. Title=Revisit of relationship between geosynchronous relativistic
electron enhancements and magnetic storms\
 Authors=Hee-Jeong Kim Larry Lyons Victor Pinto Chih-Ping Wang
Kyung-Chan Kim\
 article=2015GL065192; doi=10.1002/2015GL065192; pubdate=7 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 28. Title=Applying a curl-B technique to Swarm vector data to estimate
nighttime F region current intensities\
 Authors=Roberta Tozzi Michael Pezzopane Paola De Michelis Mirko
Piersanti\
 article=2015GL064841; doi=10.1002/2015GL064841; pubdate=10 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 29. Title=Near-Earth injection of MeV electrons associated with intense
dipolarization electric fields: Van Allen Probes observations\
 Authors=Lei Dai Chi Wang Suping Duan Zhaohai He John R. Wygant Cynthia
A. Cattell Xin Tao Zhenpeng Su Craig Kletzing Daniel N. Baker Xinlin Li
David Malaspina J. Bernard Blake Joseph Fennell Seth Claudepierre Drew
L. Turner Geoffrey D. Reeves Herbert O. Funsten Harlan E. Spence
Vassilis Angelopoulos Dennis Fruehauff Lunjin Chen Scott Thaller Aaron
Breneman Xiangwei Tang\
 article=2015GL064955; doi=10.1002/2015GL064955; pubdate=10 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 30. Title=Interplanetary shocks and the resulting geomagnetically
induced currents at the equator\
 Authors=B. A. Carter E. Yizengaw R. Pradipta A. J. Halford R. Norman K.
Zhang\
 article=2015GL065060; doi=10.1002/2015GL065060; pubdate=25 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 31. Title=Observations of a large-scale gravity wave propagating over
an extremely large horizontal distance in the thermosphere\
 Authors=Jianpeng Guo Jeffrey M. Forbes Fengsi Wei Xueshang Feng Huixin
Liu Weixing Wan Zhiliang Yang Chaoxu Liu Barbara A. Emery Yue Deng\
 article=2015GL065671; doi=10.1002/2015GL065671; pubdate=28 AUG 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 32. Title=Solar wind conditions leading to efficient radiation belt
electron acceleration: A superposed epoch analysis\
 Authors=W. Li R. M. Thorne J. Bortnik D. N. Baker G. D. Reeves S. G.
Kanekal H. E. Spence J. C. Green\
 article=2015GL065342; doi=10.1002/2015GL065342; pubdate=7 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, OMNI2, SPDF, (ftp)\
 \
 33. Title=On the confinement of lunar induced magnetic fields\
 Authors=S. Fatemi H. A. Fuqua A. R. Poppe G. T. Delory J. S. Halekas W.
M. Farrell M. Holmstr%C3%B6m\
 article=2015GL065576; doi=10.1002/2015GL065576; pubdate=12 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 34. Title=Birkeland current effects on high-latitude ground magnetic
field perturbations\
 Authors=K. M. Laundal S. E. Haaland N. Lehtinen J. W. Gjerloev N.
%C3%98stgaard P. Tenfjord J. P. Reistad K. Snekvik S. E. Milan S. Ohtani
B. J. Anderson\
 article=2015GL065776; doi=10.1002/2015GL065776; pubdate=18 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 35. Title=Van Allen Probes observations of unusually low frequency
whistler mode waves observed in association with moderate magnetic
storms: Statistical study\
 Authors=C. A. Cattell A. W. Breneman S. A. Thaller J. R. Wygant C. A.
Kletzing W. S. Kurth\
 article=2015GL065565; doi=10.1002/2015GL065565; pubdate=25 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 36. Title=Penetration of magnetosonic waves into the plasmasphere
observed by the Van Allen Probes\
 Authors=Fuliang Xiao Qinghua Zhou Yihua He Chang Yang Si Liu D. N.
Baker H. E. Spence G. D. Reeves H. O. Funsten J. B. Blake\
 article=2015GL065745; doi=10.1002/2015GL065745; pubdate=29 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 37. Title=THEMIS observations of tangential discontinuity-driven
foreshock bubbles\
 Authors=Zixu Liu Drew L. Turner Vassilis Angelopoulos Nick Omidi\
 article=2015GL065842; doi=10.1002/2015GL065842; pubdate=3 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 38. Title=Imaging the development of the cold dense plasma sheet\
 Authors=S. A. Fuselier M. A. Dayeh G. Livadiotis D. J. McComas K.
Ogasawara P. Valek H. O. Funsten S. M. Petrinec\
 article=2015GL065716; doi=10.1002/2015GL065716; pubdate=8 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, SPDF\
 \
 39. Title=Multisensor profiling of a concentric gravity wave event
propagating from the troposphere to the ionosphere\
 Authors=Irfan Azeem Jia Yue Lars Hoffmann Steven D. Miller William C.
Straka Geoff Crowley\
 article=2015GL065903; doi=10.1002/2015GL065903; pubdate=14 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: International Reference Ionosphere, (iriweb)\
 \
 40. Title=Comparison of simulated and observed trapped and
precipitating electron fluxes during a magnetic storm\
 Authors=Margaret W. Chen Colby L. Lemon Ksenia Orlova Yuri Shprits
James Hecht R. L. Walterscheid\
 article=2015GL065737; doi=10.1002/2015GL065737; pubdate=29 OCT 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF, International Reference
Ionosphere\
 \
 41. Title=The effects of geomagnetic storms on electrons in Earth\\'s
radiation belts\
 Authors=D. L. Turner T. P. O\\'Brien J. F. Fennell S. G. Claudepierre
J. B. Blake E. K. J. Kilpua H. Hietala\
 article=2015GL064747; doi=10.1002/2015GL064747; pubdate=10 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 42. Title=Kinetic Alfven waves and particle response associated with a
shock-induced  global ULF perturbation of the terrestrial magnetosphere\
 Authors=David M. Malaspina Seth G. Claudepierre Kazue Takahashi Allison
N. Jaynes Scot R. Elkington Robert E. Ergun John R. Wygant Geoff D.
Reeves Craig A. Kletzing\
 article=2015GL065935; doi=10.1002/2015GL065935; pubdate=14 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 43. Title=Lightning as a space-weather hazard: UK thunderstorm activity
modulated by the passage of the heliospheric current sheet\
 Authors=M. J. Owens C. J. Scott A. J. Bennett S. R. Thomas M. Lockwood
R. G. Harrison M. M. Lam\
 article=2015GL066802; doi=10.1002/2015GL066802; pubdate=19 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 44. Title=First detection of the supersonic upward plasma flow
structures in the early morning sector\
 Authors=Elvira Astafyeva Irina Zakharenkova\
 article=2015GL066369; doi=10.1002/2015GL066369; pubdate=23 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb \
 \
 45. Title=On the dependence of storm time ULF wave power on
magnetopause location: Impacts for ULF wave radial diffusion\
 Authors=Kyle R. Murphy Ian R. Mann David G. Sibeck\
 article=2015GL066592; doi=10.1002/2015GL066592; pubdate=25 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 46. Title=The interaction between transpolar arcs and cusp spots\
 Authors=R. C. Fear S. E. Milan J. A. Carter R. Maggiolo\
 article=2015GL066194; doi=10.1002/2015GL066194; pubdate=25 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNI, NSSDC, (ftp)\
 \
 47. Title=Observations of discrete magnetosonic waves off the magnetic
equator\
 Authors=Zeren Zhima Lunjin Chen Huishan Fu Jinbin Cao Richard B. Horne
Geoff Reeves\
 article=2015GL066255; doi=10.1002/2015GL066255; pubdate=27 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 48. Title=Acceleration and loss of relativistic electrons during small
geomagnetic storms\
 Authors=B. R. Anderson R. M. Millan G. D. Reeves R. H. W. Friedel\
 article=2015GL066376; doi=10.1002/2015GL066376; pubdate=2 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 49. Title=Compressibility of Mercury\\'s dayside magnetosphere\
 Authors=J. Zhong W. X. Wan Y. Wei J. A. Slavin J. M. Raines Z. J. Rong
L. H. Chai X. H. Han\
 article=2015GL067063; doi=10.1002/2015GL067063; pubdate=11 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNI, SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility, (ftp)\
 \
 50. Title=Frequency variability of standing Alfven waves excited by
fast mode resonances in the outer magnetosphere\
 Authors=M. O. Archer M. D. Hartinger B. M. Walsh F. Plaschke V.
Angelopoulos\
 article=2015GL066683; doi=10.1002/2015GL066683; pubdate=14 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \
 51. Title=Development of bifurcated current sheets in solar wind
reconnection exhausts\
 Authors=R. Mistry J. P. Eastwood T. D. Phan H. Hietala\
 article=2015GL066820; doi=10.1002/2015GL066820; pubdate=19 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 52. Title=Nonstorm loss of relativistic electrons in the outer
radiation belt\
 Authors=Ch. Katsavrias I. A. Daglis D. L. Turner I. Sandberg C.
Papadimitriou M. Georgiou G. Balasis\
 article=2015GL066773; doi=10.1002/2015GL066773; pubdate=19 DEC 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \

**Science Enabled Research Papers in [Radio
Science](http://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/agu/journal/10.1002/%28ISSN%291944-799X/)for
2015**

​1. Title=Radiometric measurements of electron temperature and opacity
of ionospheric perturbations\
 Authors=A. E. E. Rogers J. D. Bowman J. Vierinen R. Monsalve T.
Mozdzen\
 article=2014RS005599; doi=10.1002/2014RS005599; pubdate=18 FEB 2015\
 Keywords found: IRI-2007, MSIS\
 \
 2. Title=Comparison between GPS radio occultation electron densities
and in situ satellite observations\
 Authors=N. M. Pedatella X. Yue W. S. Schreiner\
 article=2015RS005677; doi=10.1002/2015RS005677; pubdate=23 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: CDAWeb\
 \
 3. Title=Ray tracing technique for global 3-D modeling of ionospheric
electron density using GNSS measurements\
 Authors=Mohamad Mahdi Alizadeh Harald Schuh Michael Schmidt\
 article=2014RS005466; doi=10.1002/2014RS005466; pubdate=28 JUN 2015\
 Keywords found: NSSDCFTP, International Reference Ionosphere, IRI-2012\
 \
 4. Title=New method for deriving the topside ionospheric Vary-Chap
scale height\
 Authors=Sicheng Wang Sixun Huang Hanxian Fang\
 article=2015RS005724; doi=10.1002/2015RS005724; pubdate=20 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: NSSDCFTP, SPDF, International Reference Ionosphere,
IRI-2007\
 \
 5. Title=Multi-instrument  high-resolution imaging of polar cap patch
transportation\
 Authors=E. G. Thomas K. Hosokawa J. Sakai J. B. H. Baker J. M.
Ruohoniemi S. Taguchi K. Shiokawa Y. Otsuka A. J. Coster J.-P.
St.-Maurice K. A. McWilliams\
 article=2015RS005672; doi=10.1002/2015RS005672; pubdate=25 SEP 2015\
 Keywords found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 6. Title=Data assimilation of plasmasphere and upper ionosphere using
COSMIC/GPS slant TEC measurements\
 Authors=M. J. Wu P. Guo T. L. Xu N. F. Fu X. S. Xu H. L. Jin X. G. Hu\
 article=2015RS005732; doi=10.1002/2015RS005732; pubdate=2 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: International Reference Ionosphere\
 \
 7. Title=Mitigating satellite motion in GPS monitoring of traveling
ionospheric disturbances\
 Authors=R. W. Penney N. K. Jackson-Booth\
 article=2015RS005767; doi=10.1002/2015RS005767; pubdate=11 NOV 2015\
 Keywords found: International Reference Ionosphere, IRI-2012\
 \

