---
title: "Acknowledgements 2013"
date: 2022-03-14T08:38:44-04:00
layout: "acknowledgements"
---

**ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 2013**

The AGU journals 'Space Weather', 'Journal of Geophysical Research/Space
Physics', 'Geophysical Research Letters', and 'Radio Science' were
searched for acknowledgments of services developed and supported by
NASA/Goddard's Space Physics Data Facility (SPDF).

*Keywords searched and the number of occurrences across all four
journals:*

OMNI and/or OMNIWeb were referenced in 136 papers\
 COHOWeb was referenced in 0 papers\
 SPDF was referenced in 23 papers\
 Space Physics Data Facility was referenced in   19 papers\
 ModelWeb was referenced in 14 papers\
 CDAWeb was referenced in 60 papers\
 FTPBrowser was referenced in 1 paper\
 ATMOWeb was referenced in 0 papers\
 HelioWeb was referenced in 0 papers\
 SSCWeb was referenced in 4 papers\
 TIPSOD was referenced in 0 papers\
 NSSDC was referenced in 18 papers\
 NSSDCFTP was referenced in 3 papers

       Journal    Total number     Number of papers      Percentage
                    of papers     with acknowledgment        
       SW              86               10                 12 %
       JGR            711              166                 23 %
       GRL            121               16                 13 %
       RS              73                7                 10 %

Science Enabled Research Papers in [Space Weather
journal](http://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/agu/journal/10.1002/%28ISSN%291542-7390/)
for 2013 \
 \
 1.  Title=Relativistic electron flux forecast at geostationary orbit
using Kalman filter based on multivariate autoregressive model\
 Authors=K. Sakaguchi Y. Miyoshi S. Saito T. Nagatsuma K. Seki K. T.
Murata\
 article=swe.20020; doi=10.1002/swe.20020; pubdate=28 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: Space Physics Data Facility\

2. Title=Ensemble forecasting of coronal mass ejections using the
WSA-ENLIL with CONED Model\
 Authors=D. Emmons A. Acebal A. Pulkkinen A. Taktakishvili P. MacNeice
D. Odstrcil\
 article=swe.20019; doi=10.1002/swe.20019; pubdate=4 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb\

3.  Title=Extended study of extreme geoelectric field event scenarios
for geomagnetically induced current applications\
 Authors=Chigomezyo M. Ngwira Antti Pulkkinen Frederick D. Wilder
Geoffrey Crowley\
 article=swe.20021; doi=10.1002/swe.20021; pubdate=29 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\

4.  Title=Space weather effects on Earth\\'s environment associated to
the 24-25 October 2011 geomagnetic storm\
 Authors=E. Blanch S. Marsal A. Segarra J. M. Torta D. Altadill J. J.
Curto\
 article=swe.20035; doi=10.1002/swe.20035; pubdate=8 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF, Space Physics Data
Facility\
 \
 5.  Title=Geospace environment modeling 2008-2009 challenge: Dst index\
 Authors=L. Rastatter M. M. Kuznetsova A. Glocer D. Welling X. Meng J.
Raeder M. Wiltberger V. K. Jordanova Y. Yu S. Zaharia R. S. Weigel S.
Sazykin R. Boynton H. Wei V. Eccles W. Horton M. L. Mays J. Gannon\
 article=swe.20036; doi=10.1002/swe.20036; pubdate=11 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNIWeb, OMNI, OMNI2\

6.  Title=A 27 day persistence model of near-Earth solar wind
conditions: A long lead-time forecast and a benchmark for dynamical
models\
 Authors=M. J. Owens R. Challen J. Methven E. Henley D. R. Jackson\
 article=swe.20040; doi=10.1002/swe.20040; pubdate=2 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, NSSDC, SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 7.  Title=The Kp index and solar wind speed relationship: Insights for
improving space weather forecasts\
 Authors=Heather A. Elliott J%C3%B6rg-Micha Jahn David J. McComas\
 article=swe.20053; doi=10.1002/swe.20053; pubdate=4 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, NSSDC\
 \
 8.  Title=Community-wide validation of geospace model ground magnetic
field perturbation predictions to support model transition to
operations\
 Authors=A. Pulkkinen L. Rastatter M. Kuznetsova H. Singer C. Balch D.
Weimer G. Toth A. Ridley T. Gombosi M. Wiltberger J. Raeder R. Weigel\
 article=swe.20056; doi=10.1002/swe.20056; pubdate=27 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\

9.  Title=Empirical determination of solar proton access to the
atmosphere: Impact on polar flight paths\
 Authors=Jason J. Neal Craig J. Rodger Janet C. Green\
 article=swe.20066; doi=10.1002/swe.20066; pubdate=18 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI

10.  Title=Space weather radiation effects on geostationary satellite
solid-state power amplifiers\
 Authors=W.Q. Lohmeyer K. Cahoy\
 article=swe.20071; doi=10.1002/swe.20071; pubdate=27 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, OMNI2

 

**Science Enabled Research Papers in [Journal of Geophysical Research /
Space
Physics](http://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/agu/jgr/journal/10.1002/%28ISSN%292169-9402/)for
2013**

​1. Title=MHD simulation of the inner-heliospheric magnetic field\
 Authors=T. Wiengarten J. Kleimann H. Fichtner R. Cameron J. Jiang R.
Kissmann K. Scherer\
 article=2012JA018089; doi=10.1029/2012JA018089; pubdate=27 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 2. Title=Large deviations of the magnetic field from the Parker spiral
in CRRs: Validity of the Schwadron model\
 Authors=Edward J. Smith\
 article=jgra.50098; doi=10.1002/jgra.50098; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 3. Title=Transport of the plasma sheet electrons to the geostationary
distances\
 Authors=N. Y. Ganushkina O. A. Amariutei Y. Y. Shprits M. W. Liemohn\
 article=2012JA017923; doi=10.1029/2012JA017923; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 4. Title=Evidence for potential and inductive convection during intense
geomagnetic events using normalized superposed epoch analysis\
 Authors=Roxanne M. Katus Michael W. Liemohn Dennis L. Gallagher Aaron
Ridley Shasha Zou\
 article=2012JA017915; doi=10.1029/2012JA017915; pubdate=17 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 5.Title=Influence of interplanetary magnetic field and solar wind on
auroral brightness in different regions\
 Authors=Y. F. Yang J. Y. Lu J.-S. Wang Z. Peng L. Zhou\
 article=2012JA017727; doi=10.1029/2012JA017727; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 6. Title=Geomagnetic and solar wind fluctuations at discrete
frequencies: A case study\
 Authors=U. Villante A. Del Corpo P. Francia\
 article=2012JA017971; doi=10.1029/2012JA017971; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 7. Title=Spatial distributions of ion pitch angle anisotropy in the
near-Earth magnetosphere and tail plasma sheet\
 Authors=Chih-Ping Wang Sorin G. Zaharia Larry R. Lyons Vassilis
Angelopoulos\
 article=2012JA018275; doi=10.1029/2012JA018275; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 8. Title=THEMIS observations of ULF wave excitation in the nightside
plasma sheet during sudden impulse events\
 Authors=Q. Q. Shi M. Hartinger V. Angelopoulos Q.-G. Zong X.-Z. Zhou
X.-Y. Zhou A. Kellerman A. M. Tian J. Weygand S. Y. Fu Z. Y. Pu J.
Raeder Y. S. Ge Y. F. Wang H. Zhang Z. H. Yao\
 article=2012JA017984; doi=10.1029/2012JA017984; pubdate=24 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 9. Title=The role of transient ion foreshock phenomena in driving Pc5
ULF wave activity\
 Authors=M. D. Hartinger D. L. Turner F. Plaschke V. Angelopoulos H.
Singer\
 article=2012JA018349; doi=10.1029/2012JA018349; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 10. Title=A sunward propagating fast wave in the magnetosheath observed
after the passage of an interplanetary shock\
 Authors=G. Pallocchia\
 article=2012JA017851; doi=10.1029/2012JA017851; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 11. Title=Ionospheric signatures of a plasma sheet rebound flow during
a substorm onset\
 Authors=L. Juusola M. Kubyshkina R. Nakamura T. Pitkanen O. Amm K.
Kauristie N. Partamies H. Reme K. Snekvik D. Whiter\
 article=2012JA018132; doi=10.1029/2012JA018132; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 12. Title=Substorms under northward interplanetary magnetic field:
Statistical study\
 Authors=Z. Peng C. Wang Y. F. Yang H. Li Y. Q. Hu J. Du\
 article=2012JA018065; doi=10.1029/2012JA018065; pubdate=27 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 13. Title=Interplanetary origins of moderate (-100 nT \< Dst \<= -50
nT) geomagnetic storms during solar cycle 23 (1996-2008)\
 Authors=E. Echer B. T. Tsurutani W. D. Gonzalez\
 article=2012JA018086; doi=10.1029/2012JA018086; pubdate=16 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found:OMNI\
 \
 14. Title=Cluster observations of hot flow anomalies with large flow
deflections: 2. Bow shock geometry at HFA edges\
 Authors=Shan Wang Qiugang Zong Hui Zhang\
 article=2012JA018204; doi=10.1029/2012JA018204; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 15, Title=Steep plasma depletion in dayside polar cap during a
CME-driven magnetic storm\
 Authors=J. Sakai S. Taguchi K. Hosokawa Y. Ogawa\
 article=2012JA018138; doi=10.1029/2012JA018138; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 16. Title=Wave signatures in the midlatitude ionosphere during a sudden
stratospheric warming of January 2010\
 Authors=Larisa P. Goncharenko Vicki W. Hsu Christiano Garnett Marques
Brum Shun-Rong Zhang Jonathan T. Fentzke\
 article=2012JA018251; doi=10.1029/2012JA018251; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: NSSDC\
 \
 17. Title=East-west differences in F-region electron density at
midlatitude: Evidence from the Far East region\
 Authors=Biqiang Zhao Min Wang Yungang Wang Zhipeng Ren Xinan Yue Jie
Zhu Weixing Wan Baiqi Ning Jing Liu Bo Xiong\
 article=2012JA018235; doi=10.1029/2012JA018235; pubdate=31 JAN 2013\
 Keyword found: Modelweb\
 \
 18. Title=Synthetic four-solar-cycle solar wind at 1 AU generated from
the OMNI data set\
 Authors=L.J. Thatcher H.-R. M%C3%BCller\
 article=jgra.50150; doi=10.1002/jgra.50150; pubdate=27 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, NSSDC, SPDF\
 \
 19.  Title=Analysis of trends between solar wind velocity and energetic
electron fluxes at geostationary orbit using the reverse arrangement
test\
 Authors=Homayon Aryan Richard J. Boynton Simon N. Walker\
 article=2012JA018216; doi=10.1029/2012JA018216; pubdate=26 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 20.  Title=Structures of dayside whistler-mode waves deduced from
conjugate diffuse aurora\
 Authors=Y. Nishimura J. Bortnik W. Li R. M. Thorne B. Ni L. R. Lyons V.
Angelopoulos Y. Ebihara J. W. Bonnell O. Le Contel U. Auster\
 article=2012JA018242; doi=10.1029/2012JA018242; pubdate=11 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 21.  Title=Cluster observations of kinetic structures and electron
acceleration within a dynamic plasma bubble\
 Authors=Meng Zhou Xiaohua Deng Maha Ashour-Abdalla Raymond Walker Ye
Pang Chaoling Tang Shiyong Huang Mostafa El-Alaoui Zhigang Yuan Huimin
Li\
 article=2012JA018323; doi=10.1029/2012JA018323; pubdate=11 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 22.  Title=The Heppner-Maynard Boundary measured by SuperDARN as a
proxy for the latitude of the auroral oval\
 Authors=S. M. Imber S. E. Milan M. Lester\
 article=2012JA018222; doi=10.1029/2012JA018222; pubdate=12 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 23.  Title=Comparative analysis of low-altitude ENA emissions in two
substorms\
 Authors=N. Buzulukova M.-C. Fok E. Roelof J. Redfern J. Goldstein P.
Valek D. McComas\
 article=jgra.50103;doi=10.1002/jgra.50103; pubdate=25 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 24.  Title=Cluster observations of hot flow anomalies with large flow
deflections: 1. Velocity deflections\
 Authors=Shan Wang Qiugang Zong Hui Zhang\
 article=jgra.50100; doi=10.1002/jgra.50100; pubdate=25 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 25.  Title=Inward shift of outer radiation belt electrons as a function
of Dst index and the influence of the solar wind on electron injections
into the slot region\
 Authors=H. Zhao X. Li\
 article=2012JA018179; doi=10.1029/2012JA018179; pubdate=26 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 26.  Title=Observations of polar cap flow channel and plasma sheet flow
bursts during substorm expansion\
 Authors=T. Pitkanen A. T. Aikio L. Juusola\
 article=jgra.50119; doi=10.1002/jgra.50119; pubdate=27 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 27.  Title=Statistical study of global modes outside the plasmasphere\
 Authors=M. D. Hartinger V. Angelopoulos M. B. Moldwin K. Takahashi L.
B. N. Clausen\
 article=jgra.50140; doi=10.1002/jgra.50140; pubdate=28 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 28.  Title=On the occurrence of equatorial F-region irregularities
during solar minimum using radio occultation measurements\
 Authors=B. A. Carter K. Zhang R. Norman V. V. Kumar Sushil Kumar\
 article=jgra.50089; doi=10.1002/jgra.50089; pubdate=26 FEB 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\

29.  Title=Shocklets  SLAMS  and field-aligned ion beams in the
terrestrial foreshock\
 Authors=L. B. Wilson A. Koval D. G. Sibeck A. Szabo C. A. Cattell J. C.
Kasper B. A. Maruca M. Pulupa C. S. Salem M. Wilber\
 article=2012JA018186; doi=10.1029/2012JA018186; pubdate=6 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 30.  Title=The magnetospheric banana current\
 Authors=Michael W. Liemohn Natalia Yu. Ganushkina Roxanne M. Katus
Darren L. De Zeeuw Daniel T. Welling\
 article=jgra.50153; doi=10.1002/jgra.50153; pubdate=1 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 31.  Title=Effects of different geomagnetic storm drivers on the ring
current: CRCM results\
 Authors=W.D. Cramer N.E. Turner M.-C. Fok N.Y. Buzulukova\
 article=jgra.50138; doi=10.1002/jgra.50138; pubdate=4 MAR 2013; \
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 32.  Title=Asymmetry of magnetosheath flows and magnetopause shape
during low Alfven Mach number solar wind\
 Authors=B. Lavraud E. Larroque E. Budnik V. Genot J. E. Borovsky M. W.
Dunlop C. Foullon H. Hasegawa C. Jacquey K. Nykyri A. Ruffenach M. G. G.
T. Taylor I. Dandouras H. Reme\
 article=jgra.50145; doi=10.1002/jgra.50145; pubdate=8 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 33.  Title=Terrestrial myriametric radio burst observed by IMAGE and
Geotail satellites\
 Authors=Shing F. Fung Kozo Hashimoto Hirotsugu Kojima Scott A. Boardsen
Leonard N. Garcia Hiroshi Matsumoto James L. Green Bodo W. Reinisch\
 article=jgra.50149; doi=10.1002/jgra.50149; pubdate=15 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found:SSCWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility

34.  Title=Universal time control of AKR: Earth is a spin-modulated
variable radio source\
 Authors=Akira Morioka Yoshizumi Miyoshi Satoshi Kurita Yasumasa Kasaba
Vassilis Angelopoulos Hiroaki Misawa Hirotsugu Kojima James P. McFadden\
 article=jgra.50180; doi=10.1002/jgra.50180; pubdate=19 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found:CDAWeb\
 \
 35.  Title=Direct observations of the role of convection electric field
in the formation of a polar tongue of ionization from storm enhanced
density\
 Authors=E. G. Thomas J. B. H. Baker J. M. Ruohoniemi L. B. N. Clausen
A. J. Coster J. C. Foster P. J. Erickson\
 article=jgra.50116; doi=10.1002/jgra.50116; pubdate=1 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 36.  Title=Geomagnetic and auroral activity driven by corotating
interaction regions during the declining phase of Solar Cycle 23\
 Authors=Xiaoli Luan Wenbin Wang Jiuhou Lei Alan Burns Xiankang Dou
Jiyao Xu\
 article=jgra.50195; doi=10.1002/jgra.50195; pubdate=20 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 37.  Title=Thermospheric atomic oxygen density estimates using the
EISCAT Svalbard Radar\
 Authors=H. Vickers M. J. Kosch E. Sutton Y. Ogawa C. La Hoz\
 article=jgra.50169; doi=10.1002/jgra.50169; pubdate=31 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found: SSCWeb\

38.  Title=Orientation of solar wind dynamic pressure phase fronts\
 Authors=Brian J. Jackel Taylor Cameron James M. Weygand\
 article=jgra.50183; doi=10.1002/jgra.50183; pubdate=16 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 39.  Title=The hemispheric conjugate observation of postnoon
%E2%80%9Cbright spots%E2%80%9D%2Fauroral spirals\
 Authors=Ze-Jun Hu Hui-Gen Yang Hong-Qiao Hu Bei-Chen Zhang De-Hong
Huang Zhuo-Tian Chen Q. Wang\
 article=jgra.50243; doi=10.1002/jgra.50243; pubdate=30 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 40.  Title=Joint responses of geosynchronous magnetic field and
relativistic electrons to external changes in solar wind dynamic
pressure and interplanetary magnetic field\
 Authors=L. Y. Li J. B. Cao J. Y. Yang Y. X. Dong\
 article=jgra.50201; doi=10.1002/jgra.50201; pubdate=5 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 41.  Title=The analysis of electron fluxes at geosynchronous orbit
employing a NARMAX approach\
 Authors=R. J. Boynton M. A. Balikhin S. A. Billings G. D. Reeves N.
Ganushkina M. Gedalin O. A. Amariutei J. E. Borovsky S. N. Walker\
 article=jgra.50192; doi=10.1002/jgra.50192; pubdate=9 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 42.  Title=First observations of foreshock bubbles upstream of
Earth\\'s bow shock: Characteristics and comparisons to HFAs\
 Authors=D. L. Turner N. Omidi D. G. Sibeck V. Angelopoulos\
 article=jgra.50198; doi=10.1002/jgra.50198; pubdate=22 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 43.  Title=Fundamental properties of substorm time energetic electrons
in the inner magnetosphere\
 Authors=Y. Ebihara T. Tanaka\
 article=jgra.50115; doi=10.1002/jgra.50115; pubdate=26 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: NSSDC, AE-8\
 \
 44.  Title=The spectral extent of chorus in the off-equatorial
magnetosphere\
 Authors=N. L. Bunch M. Spasojevic Y. Y. Shprits X. Gu F. Foust\
 article=2012JA018182; doi=10.1029/2012JA018182; pubdate=24 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\

45.  Title=Comment on %E2%80%9CWhat causes the flux excess in the
heliospheric magnetic field%3F%E2%80%9D by E. J. Smith\
 Authors=M. Lockwood M. J. Owens\
 article=jgra.50223; doi=10.1002/jgra.50223; pubdate=24 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 46.  Title=Statistical study of geomagnetic field line resonances
observed by CHAMP and on the ground\
 Authors=B. Heilig P. R. Sutcliffe D. C. Ndiitwani A. B. Collier\
 article=jgra.50215; doi=10.1002/jgra.50215; pubdate=3 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 47.  Title=Spatial variation of energy conversion at the Earth\\'s
magnetopause: Statistics from Cluster observations\
 Authors=Chandrasekhar R. Anekallu M. Palmroth Hannu E. J. Koskinen E.
Lucek I. Dandouras\
 article=jgra.50233;doi=10.1002/jgra.50233; pubdate=3 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 48.  Title=Heavy ion effects on substorm loading and unloading in the
Earth\\'s magnetotail\
 Authors=Yanhua Liu Lynn M. Kistler Christopher G. Mouikis Berndt
Klecker Iannis Dandouras\
 article=jgra.50240; doi=10.1002/jgra.50240; pubdate=20 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 49. Title=Physical improvements to the solar wind reconnection control
function for the Earth\\'s magnetosphere\
 Authors=Joseph E. Borovsky\
 article=jgra.50110; doi=10.1002/jgra.50110; pubdate=21 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 50.  Title=Search for Saturn\\'s X-ray aurorae at the arrival of a
solar wind shock\
 Authors=G. Branduardi-Raymont P. G. Ford K. C. Hansen L. Lamy A.
Masters B. Cecconi A. J. Coates M. K. Dougherty G. R. Gladstone P.
Zarka\
 article=jgra.50112; doi=10.1002/jgra.50112; pubdate=22 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 51.  Title=A new three-dimensional magnetopause model with a support
vector regression machine and a large database of multiple spacecraft
observations\
 Authors=Y. Wang D. G. Sibeck J. Merka S. A. Boardsen H. Karimabadi T.
B. Sipes J. %C5%A0afr%C3%A1nkov%C3%A1 K. Jel%C3%ADnek R. Lin\
 article=jgra.50226; doi=10.1002/jgra.50226; pubdate=23 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, FTPBrowser, NSSDC, SPDF\
 \
 52.  Title=On the storm-time evolution of relativistic electron phase
space density in Earth\\'s outer radiation belt\
 Authors=D. L. Turner V. Angelopoulos W. Li M. D. Hartinger M. Usanova
I. R. Mann J. Bortnik Y. Shprits\
 article=jgra.50151; doi=10.1002/jgra.50151; pubdate=24 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 53.  Title=Long-lasting daytime equatorial plasma bubbles observed by
the C%2FNOFS satellite\
 Authors=Chao-Song Huang O. La Beaujardiere P. A. Roddy D. E. Hunton J.
O. Ballenthin M. R. Hairston\
 article=jgra.50252;doi=10.1002/jgra.50252; pubdate=6 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 54.  Title=Statistical comparison of isolated and non-isolated auroral
substorms\
 Authors=Kan Liou Patrick T. Newell Yong-Liang Zhang Larry J. Paxton\
 article=jgra.50218; doi=10.1002/jgra.50218; pubdate=13 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, NSSDCFTP, NSSDC\
 \
 55.  Title=Ground-based GPS observation of SED-associated
irregularities over CONUS\
 Authors=Yang-Yi Sun Tomoko Matsuo Eduardo A. Araujo-Pradere Jann-Yenq
Liu\
 article=2012JA018103; doi=10.1029/2012JA018103; pubdate=15 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 56.  Title=Storm time meridional wind perturbations in the equatorial
upper thermosphere\
 Authors=R. A. Haaser R. Davidson R. A. Heelis G. D. Earle S.
Venkatraman J. Klenzing\
 article=jgra.50299; doi=10.1002/jgra.50299; pubdate=30 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\

57.  Title=Heliolatitudinal and time variations of the solar wind mass
flux: Inferences from the backscattered solar Lyman-alpha intensity
maps\
 Authors=O. A. Katushkina V. V. Izmodenov E. Quemerais J. M.
Sok%C3%B3%C5%82\
 article=jgra.50303; doi=10.1002/jgra.50303; pubdate=7 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, NSSDCFTP\
 \
 58.  Title=The role pickup ions play in the termination shock\
 Authors=D. Ariad M. Gedalin\
 article=jgra.50170; doi=10.1002/jgra.50170; pubdate=24 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 59.  Title=Determining radial boundary conditions of outer radiation
belt electrons using THEMIS observations\
 Authors=D.-K. Shin D.-Y. Lee\
 article=jgra.50334; doi=10.1002/jgra.50334; pubdate=10 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 60.  Title=Response of Uranus\\' auroras to solar wind compressions at
equinox\
 Authors=S. W. H. Cowley\
 article=jgra.50323; doi=10.1002/jgra.50323; pubdate=18 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 61.  Title=On the influence of open magnetic flux on substorm
intensity: Ground- and space-based observations\
 Authors=L. B. N. Clausen S. E. Milan J. B. H. Baker J. M. Ruohoniemi
K.-H. Glassmeier J. C. Coxon B. J. Anderson\
 article=jgra.50308; doi=10.1002/jgra.50308; pubdate=4 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 62.  Title=Multi-instrument observations from Svalbard of a traveling
convection vortex  electromagnetic ion cyclotron wave burst  and proton
precipitation associated with a bow shock instability\
 Authors=M. J. Engebretson T. K. Yeoman K. Oksavik F. S%C3%B8raas F.
Sigernes J. I. Moen M. G. Johnsen V. A. Pilipenko J. L. Posch M. R.
Lessard B. Lavraud M. D. Hartinger L. B. N. Clausen T. Raita C. Stolle\
 article=jgra.50291; doi=10.1002/jgra.50291; pubdate=6 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, SSCWeb, ModelWeb

63.  Title=Temporal and spatial dynamics of the regions 1 and 2
Birkeland currents during substorms\
 Authors=L. B. N. Clausen J. B. H. Baker J. M. Ruohoniemi S. E. Milan J.
C. Coxon S. Wing S. Ohtani B. J. Anderson\
 article=jgra.50288; doi=10.1002/jgra.50288; pubdate=7 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 64.  Title=The role of enhanced thermal pressure in the earthward
motion of the Earth\\'s magnetopause\
 Authors=J.-H. Shue J.-K. Chao\
 article=jgra.50290; doi=10.1002/jgra.50290; pubdate=7 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI \
 \
 65.  Title=Characterizing the dayside magnetosheath using energetic
neutral atoms: IBEX and THEMIS observations\
 Authors=K. Ogasawara V. Angelopoulos M. A. Dayeh S. A. Fuselier G.
Livadiotis D. J. McComas J. P. McFadden\
 article=jgra.50353; doi=10.1002/jgra.50353; pubdate=17 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 66.  Title=Verification of the GUMICS-4 global MHD code using empirical
relationships\
 Authors=E. Gordeev G. Facsk%C3%B3 V. Sergeev I. Honkonen M. Palmroth P.
Janhunen S. Milan\
 article=jgra.50359; doi=10.1002/jgra.50359; pubdate=17 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 67.  Title=Interplanetary shock-induced current sheet disturbances
leading to auroral activations: THEMIS observations\
 Authors=Xiaoyan Zhou Xu-Zhi Zhou Vassilis Angelopoulos Quanqi Shi
Chih-Ping Wang Harald Frey\
 article=jgra.50175; doi=10.1002/jgra.50175; pubdate=19 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 68. Title=Substorm-associated explosive magnetic field stretching near
the earthward edge of the plasma sheet\
 Authors=T. V. Kozelova B. V. Kozelov\
 article=jgra.50344; doi=10.1002/jgra.50344; pubdate=24 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 69.  Title=Coordinated THEMIS spacecraft and all-sky imager
observations of interplanetary shock effects on plasma sheet flow
bursts  poleward boundary intensifications  and streamers\
 Authors=Chao Yue Yukitoshi Nishimura Larry R. Lyons Vassilis
Angelopoulos Eric F. Donovan Quanqi Shi Zhonghua Yao John W. Bonnell\
 article=jgra.50372; doi=10.1002/jgra.50372; pubdate=24 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 70.  Title=Oxygen-hydrogen differentiated observations from TWINS: The
22 July 2009 storm\
 Authors=P. W. Valek J. Goldstein D. J. McComas R. IIie N. Buzulukova
M.-C. Fok J. D. Perez\
 article=jgra.50204; doi=10.1002/jgra.50204; pubdate=25 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 71.  Title=On the non-conjugacy of nightside aurora and their generator
mechanisms\
 Authors=J. P. Reistad N. %C3%98stgaard K. M. Laundal K. Oksavik\
 article=jgra.50300; doi=10.1002/jgra.50300; pubdate=25 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 72.  Title=Statistics of whistler mode waves in the outer radiation
belt: Cluster STAFF-SA measurements\
 Authors=Oleksiy Agapitov Anton Artemyev Vladimir Krasnoselskikh Yuri V.
Khotyaintsev Didier Mourenas Hugo Breuillard Michael Balikhin Guy
Rolland\
 article=jgra.50312; doi=10.1002/jgra.50312; pubdate=25 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 73. Title=Saturn suprathermal O2%2B and mass-28%2B molecular ions:
Long-term seasonal and solar variation\
 Authors=S. P. Christon D. C. Hamilton R. D. DiFabio D. G. Mitchell S.
M. Krimigis D. S. Jontof-Hutter\
 article=jgra.50383; doi=10.1002/jgra.50383; pubdate=28 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: NSSDC\
 \
 74.  Title=Long-term trend of foF2 at a West African equatorial station
linked to greenhouse gas increase and dip equator secular displacement\
 Authors=Doua A. Gnabahou Ana G. Elias Frederic Ouattara\
 article=jgra.50381; doi=10.1002/jgra.50381; pubdate=27 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, IRI\

75.  Title=Interplanetary and geomagnetic consequences of 5 January 2005
CMEs associated with eruptive filaments\
 Authors=Rahul Sharma Nandita Srivastava D. Chakrabarty Christian
M%C3%B6stl Qiang Hu\
 article=jgra.50362; doi=10.1002/jgra.50362; pubdate=16 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 76.  Title=Inner magnetospheric heavy ion composition during high-speed
stream-driven storms\
 Authors=D. R. Forster M. H. Denton M. Grande C. H. Perry\
 article=jgra.50292; doi=10.1002/jgra.50292; pubdate=1 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, NSSDC, SPDF, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 77.  Title=Revision of empirical electric field modeling in the inner
magnetosphere using Cluster data\
 Authors=H. Matsui R. B. Torbert H. E. Spence Yu. V. Khotyaintsev P.-A.
Lindqvist\
 article=jgra.50373; doi=10.1002/jgra.50373; pubdate=11 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 78.  Title=Links between the plasmapause and the radiation belt
boundaries as observed by the instruments CIS  RAPID  and WHISPER
onboard Cluster\
 Authors=F. Darrouzet V. Pierrard S. Benck G. Lointier J. Cabrera K.
Borremans N. Yu Ganushkina J. De Keyser\
 article=jgra.50239; doi=10.1002/jgra.50239; pubdate=19 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: NSSDC, AE-8\
 \
 79.  Title=Significant loss of energetic electrons at the heart of the
outer radiation belt during weak magnetic storms\
 Authors=J. Hwang D.-Y. Lee K.-C. Kim D.-K. Shin J.-H. Kim J.-H. Cho
M.-Y. Park D. L. Turner\
 article=jgra.50410; doi=10.1002/jgra.50410; pubdate=19 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 80.  Title=Solar wind impacts on growth phase duration and substorm
intensity: A statistical approach\
 Authors=H. Li C. Wang Z. Peng\
 article=jgra.50399; doi=10.1002/jgra.50399; pubdate=23 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 81.  Title=Investigation of the interhemispheric asymmetry in reverse
convection near solstice during northward interplanetary magnetic field
conditions using MHD simulations\
 Authors=F. D. Wilder S. Eriksson M. Wiltberger\
 article=jgra.50421; doi=10.1002/jgra.50421; pubdate=23 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 82.  Title=Multispacecraft observations of fundamental poloidal waves
without ground magnetic signatures\
 Authors=Kazue Takahashi Michael D. Hartinger Vassilis Angelopoulos
Karl-Heinz Glassmeier Howard J. Singer\
 article=jgra.50405; doi=10.1002/jgra.50405; pubdate=24 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 83.  Title=Simultaneous observations of precipitating radiation belt
electrons and ring current ions associated with the plasmaspheric plume\
 Authors=Zhigang Yuan Ming Li Ying Xiong Haimeng Li Meng Zhou Dedong
Wang Shiyong Huang Xiaohua Deng Jingfang Wang\
 article=jgra.50432; doi=10.1002/jgra.50432; pubdate=25 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 84.  Title=Responses of Earth\\'s radiation belts to solar wind dynamic
pressure variations in 2002 analyzed using multisatellite data and
Kalman filtering\
 Authors=Binbin Ni Yuri Y. Shprits Reiner H. W. Friedel Richard M.
Thorne Marianne Daae Yue Chen\
 article=jgra.50437; doi=10.1002/jgra.50437; pubdate=25 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\

85.  Title=The free escape continuum of diffuse ions upstream of the
Earth\\'s quasi-parallel bow shock\
 Authors=K. J. Trattner F. Allegrini M. A. Dayeh H. O. Funsten S. A.
Fuselier D. Heirtzler P. Janzen H. Kucharek D. J. McComas E. M%C3%B6bius
T. E. Moore S. M. Petrinec D. B. Reisenfeld N. A. Schwadron P. Wurz\
 article=jgra.50447; doi=10.1002/jgra.50447; pubdate=29 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 86.  Title=Energization of O%2B ions in the Earth\\'s inner
magnetosphere and the effects on ring current buildup: A review of
previous observations and possible mechanisms\
 Authors=Kunihiro Keika Lynn M. Kistler Pontus C. Brandt\
 article=jgra.50371; doi=10.1002/jgra.50371; pubdate=11 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 87.  Title=The optical manifestation of dispersive field-aligned bursts
in auroral breakup arcs\
 Authors=H. Dahlgren J. L. Semeter R. A. Marshall M. Zettergren\
 article=jgra.50415; doi=10.1002/jgra.50415; pubdate=22 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 88.  Title=Investigations on vertical coupling of atmospheric regions
using combined multiwavelength optical dayglow  magnetic  and radio
measurements\
 Authors=Fazlul I. Laskar Duggirala Pallamraju T. Vijaya Lakshmi M. Anji
Reddy B. M. Pathan Supriya Chakrabarti\
 article=jgra.50426; doi=10.1002/jgra.50426; pubdate=24 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 89.  Title=Equatorial evening prereversal vertical drift dependence on
solar EUV flux and F10.7 index during quiet and disturbed periods over
Brazil\
 Authors=A. M. Santos M. A. Abdu J. H. A. Sobral M. Mascarenhas P. A. B.
Nogueira\
 article=jgra.50438; doi=10.1002/jgra.50438; pubdate=29 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 90.  Title=TEC evidence for near-equatorial energy deposition by 30 keV
electrons in the topside ionosphere\
 Authors=A. V. Suvorova A. V. Dmitriev L.-C. Tsai V. E. Kunitsyn E. S.
Andreeva I. A. Nesterov L. L. Lazutin\
 article=jgra.50439; doi=10.1002/jgra.50439; pubdate=29 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 91.  Title=Characteristics of penetration electric fields to the
equatorial ionosphere during southward and northward IMF turnings\
 Authors=Ankush Bhaskar Geeta Vichare\
 article=jgra.50436; doi=10.1002/jgra.50436; pubdate=31 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 92.  Title=Solar magnetic polarity dependency of the cosmic ray diurnal
variation\
 Authors=I. Sabbah\
 article=jgra.50431; doi=10.1002/jgra.50431; pubdate=2 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 93.  Title=Occurrence rate of extreme magnetic storms\
 Authors=Y. I. Yermolaev I. G. Lodkina N. S. Nikolaeva M. Y. Yermolaev\
 article=jgra.50467; doi=10.1002/jgra.50467; pubdate=22 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 94. Title=Observations of transverse Z mode and parametric decay in the
solar wind\
 Authors=P. J. Kellogg K. Goetz S. J. Monson A. Opitz\
 article=jgra.50443; doi=10.1002/jgra.50443; pubdate=26 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 95.  Title=Reduction of the field-aligned potential drop in the polar
cap during large geomagnetic storms\
 Authors=N. Kitamura K. Seki Y. Nishimura T. Hori N. Terada T. Ono R. J.
Strangeway\
 article=jgra.50450; doi=10.1002/jgra.50450; pubdate=2 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 96.  Title=Pulsating auroral electron flux modulations in the
equatorial magnetosphere\
 Authors=A. N. Jaynes M. R. Lessard J. V. Rodriguez E. Donovan T. M.
Loto\\'aniu K. Rychert\
 article=jgra.50434; doi=10.1002/jgra.50434; pubdate=5 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 97.  Title=Comparison of TWINS and THEMIS observations of proton pitch
angle distributions in the ring current during the 29 May 2010
geomagnetic storm\
 Authors=E. W. Grimes J. D. Perez J. Goldstein D. J. McComas P. Valek D.
Turner\
 article=jgra.50455; doi=10.1002/jgra.50455; pubdate=8 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 98.  Title=Multiprobe estimation of field line curvature radius in the
equatorial magnetosphere and the use of proton precipitations in
magnetosphere-ionosphere mapping\
 Authors=Jun Liang E. Donovan E. Spanswick V. Angelopoulos\
 article=jgra.50454; doi=10.1002/jgra.50454; pubdate=9 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 99.  Title=The statistical mapping of magnetosheath plasma properties
based on THEMIS measurements in the magnetosheath interplanetary medium
reference frame\
 Authors=A. P. Dimmock K. Nykyri\
 article=jgra.50465; doi=10.1002/jgra.50465; pubdate=12 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 100.  Title=Global evolution of Birkeland currents on 10 min
timescales: MHD simulations and observations\
 Authors=V. G. Merkin B. J. Anderson J. G. Lyon H. Korth M. Wiltberger
T. Motoba\
 article=jgra.50466; doi=10.1002/jgra.50466; pubdate=13 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 101.  Title=The Polar Cap index: A critical review of methods and a new
approach\
 Authors=Peter Stauning\
 article=jgra.50462; doi=10.1002/jgra.50462; pubdate=16 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 102.  Title=Duskside relativistic electron precipitation as measured by
SAMPEX: A statistical survey\
 Authors=Max D. Comess David M. Smith Richard S. Selesnick Robyn M.
Millan John G. Sample\
 article=jgra.50481; doi=10.1002/jgra.50481; pubdate=22 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 103.  Title=Impact of MHD shock physics on magnetosheath asymmetry and
Kelvin-Helmholtz instability\
 Authors=K. Nykyri\
 article=jgra.50499; doi=10.1002/jgra.50499; pubdate=23 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 104.  Title=Comparison of neural network and support vector machine
methods for Kp forecasting\
 Authors=Eun-Young Ji Y.-J. Moon Jongyeob Park Jin-Yi Lee D.-H. Lee\
 article=jgra.50500; doi=10.1002/jgra.50500; pubdate=27 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 105.  Title=Sawtooth-substorm connections: A closer look\
 Authors=M. A. Noah W. J. Burke\
 article=jgra.50440; doi=10.1002/jgra.50440; pubdate=28 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 106.  Title=Vertical and meridional equatorial ion flows observed by
CINDI during the 26 September 2011 storm\
 Authors=Marc R. Hairston W. Robin Coley Russell Stoneback\
 article=jgra.50411; doi=10.1002/jgra.50411; pubdate=6 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 107.  Title=Rapid-run ionosonde observations of traveling ionospheric
disturbances in the auroral ionosphere\
 Authors=Alexander Kozlovsky Tauno Turunen Thomas Ulich\
 article=jgra.50474; doi=10.1002/jgra.50474; pubdate=13 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: ModelWeb\
 \
 108.  Title=A method to predict electric field spectra from empirically
modeled geomagnetic ULF activity\
 Authors=L. Rosenqvist\
 article=jgra.50453; doi=10.1002/jgra.50453; pubdate=19 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\

109.  Title=Spatio-temporal entropy analysis of the magnetic field to
help magnetic cloud characterization\
 Authors=A. Ojeda G. O. Mendes M. A. Calzadilla M. O. Domingues\
 article=jgra.50504; doi=10.1002/jgra.50504; pubdate=5 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 110.  Title=Transport of cold ions from the polar ionosphere to the
plasma sheet\
 Authors=Kun Li S. Haaland A. Eriksson M. Andre E. Engwall Y. Wei E. A.
Kronberg M. Franz P. W. Daly H. Zhao Q. Y. Ren\
 article=jgra.50518; doi=10.1002/jgra.50518; pubdate=6 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 111.  Title=The differences between storms driven by helmet streamer
CIRs and storms driven by pseudostreamer CIRs\
 Authors=Joseph E. Borovsky Michael H. Denton\
 article=jgra.50524; doi=10.1002/jgra.50524; pubdate=6 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 112.  Title=Simulation of O%2B upflows created by electron
precipitation and Alfven waves in the ionosphere\
 Authors=D. Sydorenko R. Rankin\
 article=jgra.50531; doi=10.1002/jgra.50531; pubdate=10 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: NSSDCFTP, IRI\
 \
 113.  Title=EMIC waves observed by Cluster near the plasmapause\
 Authors=Y. H. Liu B. J. Fraser F. W. Menk\
 article=jgra.50486; doi=10.1002/jgra.50486; pubdate=12 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, NSSDC\
 \
 114.  Title=Storm time duskside equatorial current and its closure
path\
 Authors=S. Dubyagin N. Ganushkina S. Apatenkov M. Kubyshkina S.-I.
Ohtani H. Singer M. Liemohn\
 article=jgra.50512; doi=10.1002/jgra.50512; pubdate=12 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 115.  Title=Solar cycle dependence of High-Intensity Long-Duration
Continuous AE Activity (HILDCAA) events  relativistic electron
predictors%3F\
 Authors=R. Hajra E. Echer B. T. Tsurutani W. D. Gonzalez\
 article=jgra.50530; doi=10.1002/jgra.50530; pubdate=12 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 116.  Title=Pressure anisotropy in global magnetospheric simulations:
Coupling with ring current models\
 Authors=X. Meng G. T%C3%B3th A. Glocer M.-C. Fok T. I. Gombosi\
 article=jgra.50539; doi=10.1002/jgra.50539; pubdate=12 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 117.  Title=Energy transfer and flow in the solar
wind-magnetosphere-ionosphere system: A new coupling function\
 Authors=P. Tenfjord N. %C3%98stgaard\
 article=jgra.50545; doi=10.1002/jgra.50545; pubdate=16 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 118.  Title=Estimating the effects of ionospheric plasma on solar
wind%2Fmagnetosphere coupling via mass loading of dayside reconnection:
Ion-plasma-sheet oxygen  plasmaspheric drainage plumes  and the plasma
cloak\
 Authors=Joseph E. Borovsky Michael H. Denton Richard E. Denton Vania K.
Jordanova Jonathan Krall\
 article=jgra.50527; doi=10.1002/jgra.50527; pubdate=19 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 119.  Title=Tail reconnection region versus auroral activity inferred
from conjugate ARTEMIS plasma sheet flow and auroral observations\
 Authors=Y. Nishimura L. R. Lyons X. Xing V. Angelopoulos E. F. Donovan
S. B. Mende J. W. Bonnell U. Auster\
 article=jgra.50549; doi=10.1002/jgra.50549; pubdate=23 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 120.  Title=Interaction of substorm injections with the subauroral
geospace: 1. Multispacecraft observations of SAID\
 Authors=Evgeny V. Mishin\
 article=jgra.50548; doi=10.1002/jgra.50548; pubdate=24 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 121.  Title=Long-period prompt-penetration electric fields derived from
CHAMP satellite magnetic measurements\
 Authors=C. Manoj S. Maus P. Alken\
 article=jgra.50511; doi=10.1002/jgra.50511; pubdate=11 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\

122.  Title=Earth\\'s collision with a solar filament on 21 January
2005: Overview\
 Authors=J. U. Kozyra W. B. Manchester C. P. Escoubet S. T. Lepri M. W.
Liemohn W. D. Gonzalez M. W. Thomsen B. T. Tsurutani\
 article=jgra.50567; doi=10.1002/jgra.50567; pubdate=1 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 123.  Title=An automated identification method for Alfvenic streams and
their geoeffectiveness\
 Authors=K. Snekvik E. I. Tanskanen E. K. J. Kilpua\
 article=jgra.50588; doi=10.1002/jgra.50588; pubdate=11 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 124.  Title=The effects of ionospheric outflow on ICME and SIR driven
sawtooth%E2%80%89events\
 Authors=O. J. Brambles W. Lotko B. Zhang J. Ouellette J. Lyon M.
Wiltberger\
 article=jgra.50522; doi=10.1002/jgra.50522; pubdate=1 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 125.  Title=Sources of electron pitch angle anisotropy in the
magnetotail plasma%E2%80%89sheet\
 Authors=Andrew P. Walsh A. N. Fazakerley C. Forsyth C. J. Owen M. G. G.
T. Taylor I. J. Rae\
 article=jgra.50553; doi=10.1002/jgra.50553; pubdate=1 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 126.  Title=Geomagnetic response to solar wind dynamic pressure impulse
events at high-latitude conjugate points\
 Authors=H. Kim X. Cai C. R. Clauer B. S. R. Kunduri J. Matzka C. Stolle
D. R. Weimer\
 article=jgra.50555; doi=10.1002/jgra.50555; pubdate=1 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 127.  Title=Quiet time equatorial mass density distribution derived
from AMPTE%2FCCE and GOES using the magnetoseismology technique\
 Authors=Kyungguk Min Jacob Bortnik Richard E. Denton Kazue Takahashi
Jeongwoo Lee Howard J. Singer\
 article=jgra.50563; doi=10.1002/jgra.50563; pubdate=3 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 128.  Title=The location of the Earth\\'s magnetopause: A comparison of
modeled position and in situ Cluster data\
 Authors=N. A. Case J. A. Wild\
 article=jgra.50572; doi=10.1002/jgra.50572; pubdate=3 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 129.  Title=Plasma sheet magnetic fields and flows during steady
magnetospheric convection events\
 Authors=T. I. Pulkkinen N. Partamies J. Kissinger R. L. McPherron K.-H.
Glassmeier C. Carlson\
 article=jgra.50574; doi=10.1002/jgra.50574; pubdate=3 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, NSSDC, SPDF\
 \
 130.  Title=Low-latitude Pi2 pulsations during intervals of quiet
geomagnetic conditions (Kp\<=1)\
 Authors=H.-J. Kwon K.-H. Kim C.-W. Jun K. Takahashi D.-H. Lee E. Lee H.
Jin J. Seon Y.-D. Park J. Hwang\
 article=jgra.50582; doi=10.1002/jgra.50582; pubdate=3 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 131.  Title=Empirical modeling of plasma sheet pressure and
three-dimensional force-balanced magnetospheric magnetic field
structure: 1. Observation\
 Authors=Chih-Ping Wang Chao Yue Sorin Zaharia Xiaoyan Xing Larry Lyons
Vassilis Angelopoulos Tsugunobu Nagai Tony Lui\
 article=jgra.50585; doi=10.1002/jgra.50585; pubdate=3 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 132.  Title=Solar cycle variations in polar cap area measured by the
superDARN radars\
 Authors=S. M. Imber S. E. Milan M. Lester\
 article=jgra.50509; doi=10.1002/jgra.50509; pubdate=4 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 133. Title=Survey of the ULF wave Poynting vector near the Earth\\'s
magnetic equatorial plane\
 Authors=M. D. Hartinger M. B. Moldwin K. Takahashi J. W. Bonnell V.
Angelopoulos\
 article=jgra.50591; doi=10.1002/jgra.50591; pubdate=7 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 134.  Title=Empirically modeled global distribution of magnetospheric
chorus amplitude using an artificial neural network\
 Authors=Kyung-Chan Kim Yuri Shprits Jaejin Lee Junga Hwang\
 article=jgra.50595; doi=10.1002/jgra.50595; pubdate=7 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 135.  Title=Space climate implications from substorm frequency\
 Authors=P. T. Newell J. W. Gjerloev E. J. Mitchell\
 article=jgra.50597; doi=10.1002/jgra.50597; pubdate=7 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 136.  Title=Multiple bidirectional EMIC waves observed by Cluster at
middle magnetic latitudes in the dayside magnetosphere\
 Authors=R. C. Allen J. -C. Zhang L. M. Kistler H. E. Spence R. -L. Lin
M. W. Dunlop M. Andre\
 article=jgra.50600; doi=10.1002/jgra.50600; pubdate=9 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 137.  Title=The double-belt outer radiation belt during CME- and
CIR-driven geomagnetic storms\
 Authors=Chongjing Yuan Qiugang Zong\
 article=jgra.50564; doi=10.1002/jgra.50564; pubdate=10 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 138.  Title=A new diffusion matrix for whistler mode chorus waves\
 Authors=Richard B. Horne Tobias Kersten Sarah A. Glauert Nigel P.
Meredith Daniel Boscher Angelica Sicard-Piet Richard M. Thorne Wen Li\
 article=jgra.50594; doi=10.1002/jgra.50594; pubdate=15 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, NSSDC\
 \
 139.  Title=Auroral wave structures and ballooning instabilities in the
plasma sheet\
 Authors=Xiaoyan Xing Jun Liang Emma Spanswick Larry Lyons Vassilis
Angelopoulos\
 article=2013JA019068; doi=10.1002/2013JA019068; pubdate=16 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 140.  Title=Predicting the location of polar cusp in the
Lyon-Fedder-Mobarry global magnetosphere simulation\
 Authors=B. Zhang O. Brambles W. Lotko W. Dunlap-Shohl R. Smith M.
Wiltberger J. Lyon\
 article=jgra.50565; doi=10.1002/jgra.50565; pubdate=17 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 141.  Title=Simultaneous traveling convection vortex events and Pc1
wave bursts at cusp latitudes observed in Arctic Canada and Svalbard\
 Authors=J. L. Posch M. J. Engebretson A. J. Witte D. L. Murr M. R.
Lessard M. G. Johnsen H. J. Singer M. D. Hartinger\
 article=jgra.50604; doi=10.1002/jgra.50604; pubdate=18 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: SSCWeb, OMNI, ModelWeb, NSSDC, Space Physics Data
Facility\
 \
 142.  Title=Generation of Pi2 pulsations by intermittent earthward
propagating dipolarization fronts: An MHD case study\
 Authors=J. B. Ream R. J. Walker M. Ashour-Abdalla M. El-Alaoui M. G.
Kivelson M. L. Goldstein\
 article=2013JA018734; doi=10.1002/2013JA018734; pubdate=18 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 143.  Title=Magnetospheric sawtooth events during the solar cycle 23\
 Authors=X. Cai C. R. Clauer\
 article=2013JA018819; doi=10.1002/2013JA018819; pubdate=22 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 144.  Title=An empirical model for the location and occurrence rate of
near-Earth magnetotail reconnection\
 Authors=K. J. Genestreti S. A. Fuselier J. Goldstein T. Nagai\
 article=2013JA019125; doi=10.1002/2013JA019125; pubdate=23 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 145.  Title=Confirmation of secondary cosmic ray flux enhancement
during the total lunar eclipse of 10 December 2011\
 Authors=Anil Raghav Ankush Bhaskar Virendra Yadav Nitinkumar Bijewar
Chintamani Pai Ashish Koli Nilam Navale Gurinderpal Singh Nitin Dubey
Sushant Pawar Pradnya Parab Gandhali Narvankar Vaibhav Rawoot Vikas
Rawat Satish Borse Nagnath Garad Carl Rozario Nitin Kaushal
Shailendrakumar Tiwari M. R. Press\
 article=2013JA019007; doi=10.1002/2013JA019007; pubdate=24 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 146.  Title=Are ionospheric storms the same during different solar
cycles%3F\
 Authors=Michael Mendillo Clara Narvaez Angela G. Marusiak\
 article=2013JA019102; doi=10.1002/2013JA019102; pubdate=29 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, CGM\
 \
 147.  Title=Longitudinal variations of positive dayside ionospheric
storms related to recurrent geomagnetic storms\
 Authors=A. V. Dmitriev C.-M. Huang P. S. Brahmanandam L. C. Chang K.-T.
Chen L.-C. Tsai\
 article=jgra.50575; doi=10.1002/jgra.50575; pubdate=31 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\

148.  Title=Full halo coronal mass ejections: Do we need to correct the
projection effect in terms of velocity%3F\
 Authors=Chenglong Shen Yuming Wang Zonghao Pan Min Zhang Pinzhong Ye S.
Wang\
 article=2013JA018872; doi=10.1002/2013JA018872; pubdate=21 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: NSSDC\
 \
 149.  Title=An MHD simulation model of time-dependent global solar
corona with temporally varying solar-surface magnetic field maps\
 Authors=K. Hayashi\
 article=2013JA018991; doi=10.1002/2013JA018991; pubdate=25 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 150.  Title=Energetic electron precipitation characteristics observed
from Antarctica during a flux dropout event\
 Authors=Mark A. Clilverd Neil Cobbett Craig J. Rodger James B. Brundell
Michael H. Denton David P. Hartley Juan V. Rodriguez Donald Danskin Tero
Raita Emma L. Spanswick\
 article=2013JA019067; doi=10.1002/2013JA019067; pubdate=5 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 151.  Title=Coherent transmission of upstream waves to polar latitudes
through magnetotail lobes\
 Authors=M. Regi P. Francia M. De Lauretis K. H. Glassmeier U. Villante\
 article=2012JA018472; doi=10.1002/2012JA018472; pubdate=8 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 152.  Title=Case studies of the impact of high-speed solar wind streams
on the electron radiation belt at geosynchronous orbit: Flux  magnetic
field  and phase space density\
 Authors=D. P. Hartley M. H. Denton J. C. Green T. G. Onsager J. V.
Rodriguez H. J. Singer\
 article=2013JA018923; doi=10.1002/2013JA018923; pubdate=8 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 153.  Title=Long-term modulations of Saturn\\'s auroral radio emissions
by the solar wind and seasonal variations controlled by the solar
ultraviolet flux\
 Authors=T. Kimura L. Lamy C. Tao S. V. Badman S. Kasahara B. Cecconi P.
Zarka A. Morioka Y. Miyoshi D. Maruno Y. Kasaba M. Fujimoto\
 article=2013JA018833; doi=10.1002/2013JA018833; pubdate=14 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 154. Title=Physics-based solar wind driver functions for the
magnetosphere: Combining the reconnection-coupled MHD generator with the
viscous interaction\
 Authors=Joseph E. Borovsky\
 article=jgra.50557; doi=10.1002/jgra.50557; pubdate=20 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 155.  Title=Relations of the energetic proton fluxes in the central
plasma sheet with solar wind and geomagnetic activities\
 Authors=Jinbin Cao Aiying Duan Henri Reme Iannis Dandouras\
 article=2013JA019289; doi=10.1002/2013JA019289; pubdate=27 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 156.  Title=On the generation of magnetosheath high%E2%80%92speed jets
by bow shock ripples\
 Authors=H. Hietala F. Plaschke\
 article=2013JA019172; doi=10.1002/2013JA019172; pubdate=27 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\

157.  Title=An analysis of heliospheric magnetic field flux based on
sunspot number from 1749 to today and prediction for the coming solar
minimum\
 Authors=Molly L. Goelzer Charles W. Smith Nathan A. Schwadron K. G.
McCracken\
 article=2013JA019404; doi=10.1002/2013JA019404; pubdate=20 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 158.  Title=Relativistic electron fluxes dropout in the outer radiation
belt under different solar wind conditions\
 Authors=Chongjing Yuan Qiugang Zong\
 article=2013JA019066; doi=10.1002/2013JA019066; pubdate=2 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 159.  Title=On the relation between asymmetries in the ring current and
magnetopause current\
 Authors=S. Haaland J. Gjerloev\
 article=2013JA019345; doi=10.1002/2013JA019345; pubdate=6 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 160.  Title=Effect of the northward turning of the interplanetary
magnetic field on the dipolarization\
 Authors=Z. Peng C. Wang\
 article=2013JA018942; doi=10.1002/2013JA018942; pubdate=6 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 161.  Title=The role of compressional Pc5 pulsations in modulating
precipitation of energetic electrons\
 Authors=T. Motoba K. Takahashi J. Gjerloev S. Ohtani D. K. Milling\
 article=2013JA018912; doi=10.1002/2013JA018912; pubdate=26 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI\
 \
 162.  Title=Multi-instrument observations of SED during 24-25 October
2011 storm: Implications for SED formation processes\
 Authors=Shasha Zou Aaron J. Ridley Mark B. Moldwin Michael J. Nicolls
Anthea J. Coster Evan G. Thomas J. Michael Ruohoniemi\
 article=2013JA018860; doi=10.1002/2013JA018860; pubdate=3 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 163.  Title=Comparison between POES energetic electron precipitation
observations and riometer absorptions: Implications for determining true
precipitation fluxes\
 Authors=Craig J. Rodger Andrew J. Kavanagh Mark A. Clilverd Steve R.
Marple\
 article=2013JA019439; doi=10.1002/2013JA019439; pubdate=3 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, IRI-2007\
 \
 164.  Title=Long-term observations of the quasi two-day wave by Hawaii
MF radar\
 Authors=Sheng-Yang Gu Tao Li Xiankang Dou Ning-Ning Wang Dennis Riggin
David Fritts\
 article=2013JA018858; doi=10.1002/2013JA018858; pubdate=13 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 165.  Title=Mesoscale and large-scale variability in high-latitude
ionospheric convection: Dominant modes and spatial%2Ftemporal coherence\
 Authors=E. D. P. Cousins Tomoko Matsuo A. D. Richmond\
 article=2013JA019319; doi=10.1002/2013JA019319; pubdate=17 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 166.  Title=SuperDARN assimilative mapping\
 Authors=E. D. P. Cousins Tomoko Matsuo A. D. Richmond\
 article=2013JA019321; doi=10.1002/2013JA019321; pubdate=19 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \

\
 **Science Enabled Research Papers in [Geophysical Research
Letters](http://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/agu/journal/10.1002/%28ISSN%291944-8007/)for
2013**\

1.  Title=Insignificant solar-terrestrial triggering of earthquakes\
 Authors=Jeffrey J. Love Jeremy N. Thomas\
 article=grl.50211; doi=10.1002/grl.50211; pubdate=16 MAR 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb

2.  Title=Thermospheric damping response to sheath-enhanced geospace
storms\
 Authors=D. Knipp L. Kilcommons L. Hunt M. Mlynczak V. Pilipenko B.
Bowman Y. Deng K. Drake\
 article=grl.50197; doi=10.1002/grl.50197; pubdate=15 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb\

3.  Title=Effect of the ring current on preconditioning the
magnetosphere for steady magnetospheric convection\
 Authors=L. Juusola N. Partamies E. Tanskanen\
 article=grl.50405; doi=10.1002/grl.50405; pubdate=30 MAY 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\

4.  Title=Global statistical evidence for chorus as the embryonic source
of%E2%80%89plasmaspheric hiss\
 Authors=Nigel P. Meredith Richard B. Horne Jacob Bortnik Richard M.
Thorne Lunjin Chen Wen Li Angelica Sicard-Piet\
 article=grl.50593; doi=10.1002/grl.50593; pubdate=18 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 5.  Title=Polar cap patch segmentation of the tongue of ionization in
the morning convection cell\
 Authors=Q.-H. Zhang B.-C. Zhang J. Moen M. Lockwood I. W. McCrea H.-G.
Yang H.-Q. Hu R.-Y. Liu S.-R. Zhang M. Lester\
 article=grl.50616; doi=10.1002/grl.50616; pubdate=20 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\

6.  Title=Evolution and slow decay of an unusual narrow ring of
relativistic electrons near L%E2%80%89\~%E2%80%893.2 following the
September 2012 magnetic storm\
 Authors=R. M. Thorne W. Li B. Ni Q. Ma J. Bortnik D. N. Baker H. E.
Spence G. D. Reeves M. G. Henderson C. A. Kletzing W. S. Kurth G. B.
Hospodarsky D. Turner V. Angelopoulos\
 article=grl.50627; doi=10.1002/grl.50627; pubdate=26 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb\
 \
 7.  Title=Sector structure of the interplanetary magnetic field in the
nineteenth century\
 Authors=M. V. Vokhmyanin D. I. Ponyavin\
 article=grl.50749; doi=10.1002/grl.50749; pubdate=30 JUL 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, NSSDC\

8.  Title=Variations in cutoff latitude during the January 2012 solar
proton event and implication for the distribution of particle energy
deposition\
 Authors=H. Nesse Tyss%C3%B8y J. Stadsnes F. S%C3%B8raas M.
S%C3%B8rb%C3%B8\
 article=grl.50815; doi=10.1002/grl.50815; pubdate=22 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, CGM\
 \
 9.  Title=Long-periodic strong radar echoes in the summer polar D
region correlated with oscillations of high-speed solar wind streams\
 Authors=Young-Sook Lee Sheila Kirkwood Gordon G. Shepherd Young-Sil
Kwak Kyung-Chan Kim\
 article=grl.50821; doi=10.1002/grl.50821; pubdate=27 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, OMNI-2\

10.  Title=Van Allen Probes observation of localized drift resonance
between poloidal mode ultra-low frequency waves and 60 keV electrons\
 Authors=S. G. Claudepierre I. R. Mann K. Takahashi J. F. Fennell M. K.
Hudson J. B. Blake J. L. Roeder J. H. Clemmons H. E. Spence G. D. Reeves
D. N. Baker H. O. Funsten R. H. W. Friedel M. G. Henderson C. A.
Kletzing W. S. Kurth R. J. MacDowall C. W. Smith J. R. Wygant\
 article=grl.50901; doi=10.1002/grl.50901; pubdate=6 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\
 \
 11.  Title=Scale dependence and frontal formation of nighttime
medium-scale traveling ionospheric disturbances\
 Authors=Tatsuhiro Yokoyama\
 article=grl.50905\
 doi=10.1002/grl.50905\
 pubdate=9 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: IRI-2007 (used IRIweb)\
 \
 12.  Title=High-speed solar wind with southward interplanetary magnetic
field causes relativistic electron flux enhancement of the outer
radiation belt via enhanced condition of whistler waves\
 Authors=Y. Miyoshi R. Kataoka Y. Kasahara A. Kumamoto T. Nagai M. F.
Thomsen\
 article=grl.50916; doi=10.1002/grl.50916; pubdate=11 SEP 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI, OMNI-2, NSSDC\

13.  Title=Magnetospheric %E2%80%9Cmagic%E2%80%9D frequencies as
magnetopause surface eigenmodes\
 Authors=M. O. Archer M. D. Hartinger T. S. Horbury\
 article=grl.50979; doi=10.1002/grl.50979; pubdate=4 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\

14.  Title=Large-scale structures in the Polar Rain\
 Authors=Yongliang Zhang Larry Paxton Hyosub Kil\
 article=2013GL058245; doi=10.1002/2013GL058245; pubdate=4 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb\
 \
 15.  Title=IMF dependence of the azimuthal direction of earthward
magnetotail fast flows\
 Authors=T. Pitkanen M. Hamrin P. Norqvist T. Karlsson H. Nilsson\
 article=2013GL058136; doi=10.1002/2013GL058136; pubdate=13 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, OMNI, SPDF\

16.  Title=DEMETER observations of high-latitude chorus waves
penetrating the plasmasphere during a geomagnetic storm\
 Authors=Zeren Zhima Jinbin Cao Wenlong Liu Huishan Fu Junying Yang
Xuemin Zhang Xuhui Shen\
 article=2013GL058089; doi=10.1002/2013GL058089; pubdate=22 NOV 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb, OMNI\
 \

**Science Enabled Research Papers in [Radio
Science](http://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/agu/journal/10.1002/%28ISSN%291944-799X/)for
2013**\

1.  Title=Assimilation procedures for updating ionospheric profiles
below the F2 peak\
 Authors=Leo F. McNamara Matthew J. Angling Sean Elvidge Sergey V.
Fridman Mark A. Hausman L. J. Nickisch Lee-Anne McKinnell\
 article=rds.20020; doi=10.1002/rds.20020; pubdate=24 APR 2013\
 Keyword found: IRI-2007  (using IRIweb)\

2.  Title=Long-term analysis of ionospheric polar patches based on CHAMP
TEC data\
 Authors=M. Noja C. Stolle J. Park H. L%C3%BChr\
 article=rds.20033; doi=10.1002/rds.20033; pubdate=19 JUN 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNI\
 \
 3.  Title=In situ irregularity identification and scintillation
estimation using wavelets and CINDI on C%2FNOFS\
 Authors=R. A. Stoneback R. A. Heelis R. G. Caton Y.-J. Su K. M. Groves\
 article=rds.20050; doi=10.1002/rds.20050; pubdate=2 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: International Reference Ionosphere (using IRIweb)\
 \
 4.  Title=A study of intense ionospheric scintillation observed during
a quiet day in the East African low-latitude region\
 Authors=Chigomezyo M. Ngwira Jeff Klenzing Joseph Olwendo Florence M.
D\\'ujanga Russell Stoneback Paul Baki\
 article=rds.20045; doi=10.1002/rds.20045; pubdate=6 AUG 2013\
 Keyword found: CDAWeb, OMNI, Space Physics Data Facility\
 \
 5.  Title=Signature of polar cap inhomogeneities in vertical sounding
data\
 Authors=E. V. Moskaleva N. Y. Zaalov\
 article=rds.20060; doi=10.1002/rds.20060; pubdate=3 OCT 2013\
 Keyword found: OMNIWeb  (using IRIweb on omniweb)\

​6. Title=Elevation angle-of-arrival determination for a standard and a
modified superDARN HF radar layout\
 Authors=Andrew J. McDonald James Whittington Sebastien Larquier Edhem
Custovic Thomas A. Kane John C. Devlin\
 article=2013RS005157; doi=10.1002/2013RS005157; pubdate=12 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: IRI-2012 (using IRIweb)\
 \
 7. Title=An automatic scaling technique for obtaining F2 parameters and
F1 critical frequency from vertical incidence ionograms\
 Authors=Chunhua Jiang Guobin Yang Zhengyu Zhao Yuannong Zhang Peng Zhu
Hengqing Sun\
 article=2013RS005223; doi=10.1002/2013RS005223; pubdate=13 DEC 2013\
 Keyword found: NSSDC, International Reference Ionosphere
